 After spending some years at NYUAD, I've come to understand what it is about this place and being here that often drives us crazy. I have lost count of the number of times I've heard people say that coming here has been great but they've actually become less confident than what they used to be in high school. After interacting with many, many people and having the deepest of introspections I have come to realize the following: 1. You can't be everything. You can and should play another octave, but you can't play every octave. Find one or two things you like and enjoy doing and use the university's resources to become better at it. I know that people who are highly regarded here are those that are writing for the Gazelle, doing well in classes, running 4 SIGs, doing an internship AND are good at sports but a. you don't know what they're truly going through to be able to do all that b. it's still better for your own sanity that you do the amount of things YOU are comfortable with. 2. I've never seen a more resourceful university and yet I've never heard of a place where so many people are collectively depressed/feeling low ALL THE TIME. To have a good time here, you have to learn to be comfortable with other people's successes. Anytime you feel intimidated by someone's success you have to ask yourself, would I even be interested in doing that in the first place? You then need to take that energy and put it into the FEW things that you have chosen to do/love at this university. 3. What is the point of making it to NYUAD when you're not even living in the moment? Go to the gym, have some quality free coffee, go under the palms, go on a karak date, read a book for fun. Please, you will never be in your early 20's again. You're more than just a student. Remember, opportunities will come and go, time will only go. 4. Being surrounded by so many amazing people is hard. But the whole point of this place is to break the vicious cycle of surviving on the quick and comforting validation of being better than others. Co-existence is challenging, feeling vulnerable is difficult but it's still better to be pushed and inspired by crazily talented people than to feel superior amongst those that put little to no effort in what they do. You are here to learn and grow and BECOME something. Becoming is a process. Be open to changing. Go back to your roots once in a while. Set goals and try to accomplish them but don't forget to look back and see how far you've truly come in life. If you are not happy with the progress you've made thus far, there is NO guarantee that you will be happy with what you are seeking to achieve in the future. I don't know if I should've simply contained these feelings and not written an essay about it, but I know I am not alone in feeling this constant pain of being inadequate when in fact I am really not. I hope you protect your self-esteem fiercely because that's the one thing you'll take with you when it's time to leave. <3 <3 
 I just want someone to hold me and tell me everything is gonna be ok ngl sad reacts only :(( 
 Ok HOW THE FUCK DO YOU DESTRESS? bCUZ I JUST LEARNED THAT STRESS MAKES U BALD, AND I HAVE 
 I just want to send a big thank you to everyone in this amazing community. Where I come from, asking for help is considered weak. But for the first time I was so comfortable asking for help, regardless of the matter and people just seem willing to help me. I really hope the community stays as supportive and close-knitted as it is. To the freshmen, I know sometimes it seems awkward and weird to ask a total stranger to help you in your desperate times, but trust me just ask and you never know how it'll turn out. Of all the places I could be right now, I couldn't be happier that I belong to this beautiful community. 
 Everytime I keep badly procrastinating my assignments and lectures, I keep repeating to myself, 
 DEAR PROFESSORS: IF YOU DON'T HAVE TIME TO TEACH IT, DON'T. TEST. US. ON. IT. 
 Submitted 112 job applications: 1) 22 no response more than 3 weeks 2) 78 rejections after resume submission 3) 11 rejections after assessment 4) ONLY 1 I made it to the final round. Interview last week of Nov. Don't give up and wish me luck fellas 
 I think I've unlocked the secret to my mental health. Things that used to make me beat myself up for days (e.g. careless mistakes on exams, doing poorly on exams in general, not making the impression that I wanted to on somebody I just met) don't affect me very much at all these days. Even if my calendar looks like a clusterfuck, I take things one at a time. I take breaks without feeling guilty. I trust the process and the universe, and as many times I fail, I have always found a way to stand back up, and I always will. I've cut out all the toxic people in my life and kept the real ones closer to me than ever. Even though quarantine may suck, I've never been more consistently happy in my entire life. Please like/heart this post to increase reach 
 Salote’s very existence fills me with warmth and happiness. You are honestly the sweetest human being 
 Before attending NYUAD, my romantic type was 
 To that guy that was crying on the highline last night: I don't know why you were upset, but just know that there is life after failure. And yes, it is ok to cry when you're upset, it is not unmanly at all. You seem like a very sweet guy and I enjoyed that hug alot. I didn't catch your name, but next time I see you I'm going to ask you for lunch, okay? 
 So heart broken my crush just called me “Bro” 
 I keep dropping hints but all he wants is to get a cat and live by himself?!?!!! 
 I have no idea what I am going to do once I graduate. Ever since I arrived to this school, all I’ve heard are these buzzwords thrown around. “Networking”, “Recruiting season”, “career fair”, “connections”, “so-and-so got an internship at *insert big capitalist conglomerate here*”, “LinkedIn”, “grind leetcode”, etc. And they have always stressed me out because I really don’t know what these terms truly mean (or more specifically, how they’re obtained). All I’ve done in college is wing it, trying my hardest to pass all my classes and have had zero time/capacity to think about the steps I need to take to further myself post-college. I am a senior now who barely declared their CS minor while you got sophomores interning for Amazon/Google. I am also a first generation college student so it’s not like my parents had the insights some of the more privileged students at this school probably get from theirs. Was I supposed to get an internship? Was I supposed to have made a LinkedIn years ago? Was I supposed to have taken part in “recruiting season” all this time? I feel like despite being a student at this institution, I have nothing to show for it except an average gpa and a couple wasted years. To all folks out there who have a plan (especially to those first gen folks who have been making these types of moves all throughout their college career), what are your secrets? Who told you were supposed to do all this? How do you apply to a company like Amazon or a Google? Simply put, how can I begin working towards the next step? I tried the CDC but they are useless as they've always been since the start of this university. Signed, A very lost and hopeless falcon 
 I am so tired of my obsession of constantly checking my mail, my instagram inbox, my Facebook, and stuff like that for notifications. This situation really made me understand that I'm not self-sufficient. I need people to text me, check on me, and look at me. I need love. 
 Mohammed Muqbel is the sweetest person on campus. Keep being wonderful! 
 Dear boy-that-texts-me-everyday, I have a huuuuuge crush on you and you checking up on me and complimenting me is not making it easy for me to hide it anymore. Also, the fact that you are literally so healthy and lowkey ripped and high key sensitive...... I just wanna book a plane ticket rn and come give you the biggest hug and shower you with kisses. The way you just understand me and have helped me grow for the past few months we’ve been texting just makes me wanna move in with you and literally have your babies. You are making it so hard for my thoughts to stay pure I’m not complaining, I’m just wondering what I did to deserve your attention ...... please be patient with me when I doubt you cause the guy before you just shattered my view on boys and relationships. But my therapist told me that there are a few unicorns out there.... and I’m starting to think you are mine. Please don’t ask me out yet though, I am too scared to get into another relationship rn, but I am working on healing. It’s okay if you can’t wait, cause it’s unfair for me to ask..... but when I’m fully healed past this, I swear I will love the heaven out of you. Yours truly, 
 Anyone else think this semester's too easy? No people to distract me, food delivered whenever I want. Just me and my school. 20 credits is so ridiculously easy everyone complaining pls stfu omg. Also this is a joke i'm dying inside someone help 
 I just watched the movie 3 Idiots for maybe the 5th time. This time I watched it, I started bawling at the super intense scenes. I think it's because I relate much more to it now. I keep playing the song 
 Heart = MacBook Like = Windows 
 Recently, I've noticed more friendships end because people have come to expect too much of their friends. While we should be there for our friends in their time of need, it's imperative to remember we're not required to provide them therapy. Yes, it's important to care about and offer support to the people we love, but we are under no obligation to constantly listen to them and help them work through their issues. We're also not required to be there for them all the time, especially if it places an unfair mental burden on us. These are hard times and it's difficult to get away from our heads amid the physical restrictions, but that doesn't mean we should expect our friends to take on our mental loads. If you're going through something and your friend doesn't want to talk about it, that doesn't mean they don't care about you. It could also mean that they just don't have the mental capacity to take on your problems when they're probably facing their own. Even if your issues seem much worse than theirs, they don't view it that way because their issues will continue to exhaust them, leaving them little mental room to deal with yours. Be understanding and empathetic! 
 Emilia Vieira Branco is so beautiful. If she becomes my girlfriend, I'm getting 4.0 this semester. Lol 
 The only good thing about COVID is now we don't have to share summer vacations stories during discussion every Fall semester. My family has always been low-income and we've never gone on a summer vacation and I hate it when the bourgeois profs makes us share with the people next to us as if we could all afford one. 
 My job interview is tomorrow. Wish me luck!!! 
 Sad reacts only pls 
 one time i noticed a guy staring at me and when we made eye contact he tripped on the last step he was on. that was the most validated i ever felt 
 Dating a bisexual person is kinda empowering. They have a bigger dating pool but they still choose to be with you. 
 
 I love that taking exams online allows me the ability to cry without feeling weird. I’ve taken MANY tests in person that made me want to burst into tears but for obvious reasons I held back those tears. I was taking my chem test recently and I just started crying because it was hard and I was super stressed out about it. When I stopped crying I quickly figured out the answer to the problem I was stuck on, and I ended up getting a good grade on the test. So moral of the story: cry on your exams!! 
 What I don’t understand is how science homework and tests could be flagged for plagiarism. Like bitch, how many different ways are there to use a formula and come up with a numerical answer. “The graph you came up with matches other students’ perfectly”. Yeah, I fucking HOPE it does. 
 Uhm...why are there so many “flexers” at NYUAD? Like, it makes me wanna punch someone in the head. I’m a freshman, and I’ve never seen such a toxic amount of people (at least in my class) that like to boast about their greatness. What and who are you trying to prove it to? The reason it makes me angry, is that somehow, these people, who continuously boast, think that they are better than you or anyone else in the room (a zoom call or a gc, cuz that’s all we can afford rn) BECAUSE they are the only ones overt about that. And if you’re asking yourself why so many people at our university have the impostor syndrome and there is this toxic environment of egocentricity at our uni, check your words before you are gonna flex your another achievement, when no one clearly inquired about that. 
 To all the people in and from Hyderabad, India: I hope you all are safe!!! It's so disheartening seeing people's houses flooding till roofs and their everything getting washed away. Take care To the NYUAD community: Please pray for Hyderabad. Please donate if you can! (I am from Hyderabad but currently not there). 
 I complain about NYUAD things from time to time but it really is saving my life. My family is facing a financial devastation while trying to recover from an earlier one, so if I were enrolled in literally any other university, I would be dropping out by now. 
 to my friends, when i find the courage to finally open to you about my mental health struggles, and how i feel like i am in the darkest, most hopeless place possible, to the point i am considering dropping out, please do not trivialize the situation. Don't tell me 
 poly sci/poly econ/econ majors don’t feel the need to tell CS majors how CS works because they understand that they don’t know shit about CS, so why do CS majors always feel the need to try to correct poly sci/poly econ/econ majors on political issues? like stop telling us how capitalism is so great and go back to doing your fucking neural networks or whatever 
 I put on a backpack and walked around my house today just to remember what it feels like. 
 
 My prime sexual years are being wasted at nyuad 
 Started doing long distance with this guy and he texts me good morning everyday. It’s a small thing but it always gives me a little boost of happiness 
 I was in bed with my partner a few nights ago, and I said that her vagina's so good that I would spend all my falcon dirhams on it. She stopped what she was doing, frowned, and said 
 Filip of the programming board is so crushable. He cute. 
 anyone else a lil sad that campus isn't lit pink this year for breast cancer awareness :( 
 Currently not on campus, I MISS ALL OF YOU GUYS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Why is corona RUDE I just want to see everyone again slhfnjsznfk,s 
 Mimar saying oops every time his iPad switches screens is the only thing getting me through this semester 
 I always have glasses on during my classes, and every time I pin the video of my crush, I’m afraid that the screen will reflect off of my glasses. My head starts to bend in 1039302 degrees so that I can keep And they don’t even know I 
 if you ever think you're ugly just know that it's okay and YOU ARE because EVERYBODY at NYUAD is ugly. #unity 
 So today my boyfriend asked me to knit him a scarf for his dick. Why? Because he didn’t think I’d actually do it. But it’s quarantine so I took it as a challenge and did it. He’s been posing with the scarf around his dick all night. 
 I was really inspired by Magnolia’s energy. Use this post to tag someone you appreciate for being in your life. Let’s start a compliment/positivity thread. Class of 2024, try and tag someone you might not be as close to, just someone who maybe sent you a helpful text once/always answers your questions or even someone you think looks cute on zoom Let’s make each other’s days 
 More co’24 appreciation (because we deserve good things despite this f*cked year) Jan Paulsen- you are so nice and seriously funny, I love your calming presence. Never forget how awesome you are! Mouad Kouttroub- you make me smile and believe there are good people out there/that I can make friends too, keep making jokes! Kevin Bansal- you are so on top of things for us, thank you!! At the same time I liked seeing your post asking for help, it reminded me that smart/competent people need help too Colleen Mader- I love reading your blog posts, they're so fun. Keep being inspirational and real! 
 Freshman appreciation spree 1)Yerkebulan Imanbayev, I don’t personally know you but I can tell from my gut that you’re an extraordinary human being. You seem super goofy, fun to be around, and extremely intelligent, and I’ll definitely want to hang out with you IRL when we can be campus. 2) Jianna Jackson, you have such an incredible energy and you seem so supportive and sweet. I can tell you’re a real life angel. 3) Yaghsha Mir, I think you are under appreciated, thank you for updating the Noticeboard everyday, I don’t know how you keep up. You are amazing. 4) Elen Assyrian, you are extraordinarily approachable and you make people soo comfortable being around you, and I want to emphasize on how incredible this is given the virtual setting. Also, you seem so kind and pure, and like you’re the kind of person who never speaks ill of anyone. 5) Alex Najm, you give “cool person” vibes, and someone with whom we can speak of anything free of judgment. Also, my gut tells me you can be trusted blindly. 6) Aya Adib, you have such eloquence and charisma when you talk. I’d love to see you vlog, you could talk about the different type of pickles there exists and I’d still be entertained. 7) Ishika Menrai, you are the OG appreciated person of the class of 2024. I will never forget what you did at CW1, you deserve to be famous. Someone at The Gazelle should write an article about you. You’re AWESOME, thank you for the pins I wish I could write an appreciation post for all 500 of you amidst this time, (that’s actually a challenge I’ll try to fulfill over the Fall Semester). Unfortunately I cannot do it all at once, but just know that small actions such as texting something nice on the group chats, responding in private to help with certain questions, answering to Instagram Stories or just turning on your cameras in class makes me notice you and appreciate you, and I’m sure this is the same for many others. I want to thank you for being so supportive and so sweet even though there are thousands of miles between some of us. I appreciate you all even though I only personally know like 4 of you. Lovingly, Magnolia (I decided that was gonna be my mysterious name) 
 A relationship should be 50/50, he books the flights and I post his arm on my story. ** continue the 
 I love my lab partner. They're so smart, hardworking, attractive and funny. I really wish I could see them in person. Y'all idiots thinking that pinning your crush's video is impressive, I'm in a private zoom room with mine where I can see them without pinning their video, work on labs and homework with them and have conversations with them. Not ahead of the curve in terms of project scores but definitely ahead in social interaction, 100 likes and I'll confess to them at the end of semester 
 Ok this is kind of a rant, and it may have been written about before, but if I have to join ONE MORE breakout room where NO ONE says anything i'm going to fucking quit this bs school. I know you are listening, I know you guys can hear me, cause your audio is on for the general parts of lecture. So when I say 'hi' say something back. At least have the god damn dignity to respond to me with a simple 'hi' back. I'm so tired of the fucking isolationist culture of this school, especially now that Corona has kicked in. Like legit, collaboration is still a thing, you have a voice that can be used. So many people with their mikes muted and cameras off, like if you don't plan to participate just don't fucking come to lecture/discussion. Im so heated with having reached out to these god damn anti-social fucks in my breakout rooms, and they just ignore what I say. Professors and TAs please encourage people to talk or something, else DON'T use breakout rooms. I'm so tired of being sent to these awkward af breakout cells where I legit will just wait until we get back to the main session, cause I could use some help, but no one wants to talk. I don't know if others can related, but damn, i'm so tired of this. 
 Cuddle girl how do you expect us to contact you if you post anonymously? 
 Can't wait to finish this online semester already 
 Looking for someone who would like to cuddle? Would really appreciate a cuddle session (no strings attached). *Im a girl looking for a guy btw 
 Can we stop demonizing anyone who goes out for fuck's sake? Who tells you they go out to 
 Is the continental breakfast lady in d2 mean to everyone or just me? She makes me feel bad about asking for sausages every morning. Can we do something about this? 
 I’m so sorry to have to tell you this but if you wear your mask under your nose you are a dipshit of the highest order. you have beaten all the other dipshits for first prize. there will never be anyone as dipshitty as you. if that was your goal then you have succeeded. WHERE DO YOU THINK YOUR NOSE CONNECTS TO IF NOT YOUR LUNGS I— 
 Well every year we sacrifice the student with the lowest gpa to the rain god to bless us with lots of rain. So as long as you don’t have the worst gpa you’ll survive. Can’t seem to think of any other sorta event where your survivability might be at stake ... LMAO 
 Let me reiterate this: If you're still going out to bars constantly while the UAE reports record cases (and ESPECIALLY if you're posting it on your fucking stories), sincerely screw off. It's hard enough to keep this place open for the semester, don't make it any harder and ruin it for the spring. If you have all this money to spend on going out to bars every day there were probably a lot of people who deserved that spot on campus more than you.. 
 People who cancel their Gym hours when they know they can't make it to the session are gems that should be protected. 
 I love my girlfriend. she is so beautiful, makes me laugh and smile, kind, loving, caring, talented. the list goes on. We’ve been together for two years but i still question why she chose to love me out of all the other guys. Somedays it feels like a dream that will end. i decide to love her more everyday to overcome this. I try to give all the love I can while she’s mine but still can not help but feel so inadequate. how do i stop being paranoid? 
 NYUAD, thank you. You've changed my life. 
 To the RealAD cast, scriptwriters and editors: I’m an incoming freshman so I’ve never actually seen a RealAD production before, but somehow I know this one was the best. Your work was absolutely wonderful and I enjoyed every second of it. And your efforts to do such a thing virtually online do not go unnoticed. Thank you guys, you’re awesome 
 Sometimes God sends an ex back into your life to see if you are still stupid 
 Thinking of starting an NYUAD Matching Making Service. Like if you’re interested PS. This is a serious 
 To a certain few fellow freshmen: the market for PhD's in commenting on girls' Instagram posts is a little bit too crowded for you. I know that in these unprecedented times you might be unprecedentedly thirsty but your time would be better spent doing your readings, sleeping, or idk thinking about the mistakes in your life that lead you to this point. 
 Low key can’t stop thinking about youssef azzam since spring 
 I am changing my lock screen wallpaper daily after completing the symptom checker. Tired of opening my phone wherever I go 
 Everyone keeps private messaging me or following me on Instagram during class... I'm starting to feel like Zoom classes have become the new tinder. 
 Big appreciation post for the NYUAD engineering academic committee: Nishant, Ansen, Mareya, Rumail, Sungmin. Thanks for supporting us. Sincerely, Struggling first year engineers 
 Still one of my favorite's comment on this page 
 Here’s to a drama-less semester 
 The sexual tension between me and jumping out of my fourth floor window to go smoke on the green line 
 can we take a moment to fully appreciate Seo-Hee for everything she's doing for the dining situation now? She's really being so helpful and im sure she working really hard and we should definitely show some love <3333 Thank you! We appreciate you! 
 Zoom needs to have an 
 Following up on the herpes post: if you don't have herpes you probably read that and though ew lol, and if you do have it, then you probably felt relieved to finally see it mentioned for some purpose other than to make fun of people with the disease. There is so much stigma around herpes that when I developed a cold sore for the first time and googled the symptoms, I refused to believe that herpes was the cause. In fact, one of the most common searches related to herpes is 
 So.... the WHO says almost 70% of people under the age of 50 have herpes. Ya. Like 70. Most ppl dont even know they carry it cause it has literally no affect on their lives. Herpes only ever got its *dirty* stigma when doctors thought it was linked to cancer in the 1980s (its not). But drug companies took that shit and ran with it cause money. To all the sexy babes too afraid to talk about having it, fuck capitalism and stop stressing 
 tag a fine ass man - I am looking for a potential bf Main Requirements: - a lot of adrenaline( if you afraid of heights sorry but we can’t vibe) - ATHLETIC - smart and funny - cooking skills ( these days who don’t cook fam) ~ Additional disqualification: - if you cheat please avoid the whole post - if you will need visa sponsorship in the future also don’t apply ~ Muslim a + but not required, I take anyone 
 I'm helping a potential NYUAD student with their common app essay (don't worry, they're writing all the stuff themselves I'm just correcting spelling and grammar and giving advice on structure) and I swear to god at this point I'll be so sad if he doesn't go somewhere good because he is incredible. He's been through so much crap, not least from living in a very conservative part of a very poor country, and he's done so much work for a huge variety of social causes. He's resilient, intelligent and humble and any university that doesn't want to take him on is quite frankly fucking idiotic. As a native English speaker, it's broken my heart to see students both here and back home who are clearly smarter than I could ever hope to be struggle and get fewer opportunities because they don't speak English as well or with a nice accent. The person I'm helping has become my friend and I am so so proud of him and everything he has done. It's really put into perspective all of the incredible individuals I have come to know and befriend here, and I hope upon all hopes that he can join those ranks. To all prospective applicants: never forget just how much you are worth, how far you have come and how much work you have done. Never ever let your background, socio-economic status, gender, race, sexuality, level of English proficiency, or literally anything else stand in the way of you working hard and striving to achieve your goals. You can do it, I believe in you and there will be a place for you at NYUAD if nowhere else. I'd be proud to get to know you and have you in this community. 
 I’m glad to see everyone coming back to campus but I’d like to give a special shoutout to the students who stayed on campus throughout the entire summer and literally witnessed the campus go from nearly completely restricted in terms of activities movements, events and gatherings to the reopening of sit down dining, more shuttle times etc. Before we see the 800+ students fill D2 once again, I’d like to give this appreciation posts to the OG summer survivors. We shared D1, we shared the heat stroke, we shared this summer! (Shout out to the staff that stayed to make sure the students had everything they needed to survive the summer. From Public Safety to D1-2 staff we love yallllll) 
 With so many things happening right now, I just wanted to send positive vibes and the biggest virtual hugs to every student reading this right now. The start of Fall is usually overwhelming, I just wanted to let you all know that you are loved. 
 I wish Dr. Remy could give us makeup tutorials instead of breakfast tutorials during Marhaba 
 
 Hey! In light of all this happening, I just wanna say that since many of us are coming back to campus for the Fall semester, the sudden increase in population density on campus will definitely place higher risks on all of us. So PLEASE adhere to all the rules including but not limited to proper quarantine, wearing face masks PROPERLY, social distancing and gathering of no more than 6 people in a room, etc. Also, PLEASE don’t go to downtown Abu Dhabi or Dubai if ABSOLUTELY necessary. COVID is not a JOKE. Although the city is gradually opening up, we still see hundreds of new cases per day. The risk is still there. Keep in mind that if we have a certain number of new cases from our community, the school will act in the way that priorities our health and safety, which might be CLOSING DOWN the school and sending students back home. Let us cherish the opportunity of spending the next semester on such a warm, loving campus and guard our safety TOGETHER!!! 
 If i see someone hosting a party in fall, I WILL REPORT YOU 
 Grace Bachedol, accepting you was the only good decision this university made in YEARS. You are literally keeping this university together. You legitimately inspire me to do and be better. Thank you 
 Incoming freshman here. Ever since the candidate weekend and admissions decisions everything was going downhill for us and many of us will be starting our cOlLeGe ExPeRiEnSe with anger and distrust to the administration. During all this time, especially with what's happening to stipends, I saw what community is like here. I absolutely love how cooperative and supportive the student body is from what I've seen on FB and can't wait to meet y'all when everyone makes it to the campus. Also, can we take a moment to appreciate how amazing are people in the StuGov? U guys are great, thank you for everything you are doing right now. 
 I think the thumbs up react should stop existing. Like why do people thumbs up react things like meme posts?? At least laugh GEEZ. What are you even trying to say by liking it? If someone thumbs up a comment I tagged them in I will simply take it as ~offensive~ 
 People bash women for wanting to marry rich but have you considered how horrible it is to be involved with most men FOR FREE some cash would be nice tbh 
 Ladies if your mans has a dream of becoming a lawyer or a doctor rn and he's going to this school i'd fucking lock that shit down asap. With this pandemic going on i'll bet everyone's gonna be suing everyone in a bit and doctors should be getting 1000% more respect than they already have which is already a ton. And ladies if you're the one becoming the lawyer or doctor damn you go girl. Fuck that patriarchy nonsense up you don't even need no man. 
 Hey does long distance really work? I haven't talk to me bf in a week, and even when we talk I don't feel connected to him anymore. And we are still gonna be apart for the forseable next semester. So I think its probably easier to just breakup already since we are practically strangers now. 
 I really miss my roommate from my study abroad time in NY. He must have trusted and be very comfortable around me, because he always left his wallet sitting on his desk in our room. Since he seemed to go out to eat a lot, he also carried around a lot of cash with him (probably around $40 on average when I check). But wait.. 
 
 Does anyone else here wish they could be as awesome, badass, and wise as Uncle Iroh from Avatar the Last Airbender? 
 Yo, the girl I like just called me 
 what even is consulting lol and why is it such a big deal on campus 
 No combination of two words scares me more than 
 Never had an ex-girlfriend or a break up, but I can’t imagine that shit hurting more than having an ex-best friend. I wish we were still besties, I miss you bro. 
 Imma tell you a secret: people look so hot wearing a face mask. Like no joke I go from nerdy awkward girl to mysterious fucking enigma with huge eyes. I can see why masks are a fashion trend in Korea. Go wear a mask so that you can both be on campus and look cute while you’re there 
 The care react really annoys me. What is it even supposed to mean? If you want to show support you can use like or heart or even sad react. Care react makes no sense. I have never used it and never intend to 
 I am a rising junior. I just got my first A since I have been at NYUAD. I am so so happy. Online classes & exams are the best. Last semester was LIT 
 I’m 21 and not ready to date. I don’t want to, I have a lot to work on and I want to do it alone. I wish people would stop asking me to date. It’s ok to be single, not everyone needs someone. Please stop pressuring or judging your single friends for not dating or hooking up. There’s so much more to life than dating someone. Maybe I will get there one day, but right now is not my time. 
 From experience, what is the most compatible sign for a Leo? ... Capricorn? 
 I ate good. Slept well. Exercised. What a day 
 I study for exams, I hang out with friends, I exercise 3 times a week, I watch TV in my free time, but I have a secret... I never revealed this but... I don’t read books from beginning to end... I skip chapters and I come back to them... sometimes I open a random page and begin reading... I have books I never finished but I don’t know what pages I haven’t read... some of those are fiction 
 People at NYU Abu Dhabi want to come back to campus, but half of ya'll are back in your home countries going to bars and parties without wearing a mask. Now imagine this but with 800 people on campus going to Saadiyat Beach Club and Yas Mall. No wonder why the school doesn't want a full student body back on campus this fall. These are the same people shitting on the US for mishandling the virus, but who still go out without masks and who don't take the virus seriously. You're just as bad as the Americans. 
 I think a lot of people here assume that people that disagree with them politically (especially on the right) have bad intentions. That they’re racist or they don’t care about the poor, that they’re ignorant, etc. I think this makes the environment for any political discourse very toxic and it’s one of the aspects I like least about NYUAD. 
 I’m so petty that I report the accounts of users who are under 13 years old on TikTok and Instagram. I’ve successfully gotten 15 accounts removed so far! 
 I miss AD :( 
 I’m a grown-ass dude and I almost cried when I realized I left my plushie in my dorm during my rush to move out 
 So I've been talking to a really cute and wholesome Taiwanese girl (thanks tinder passport). I told her I could read and speak Chinese when my banana ABC self actually can't (esp not traditional) since she doesn't know much English and I've been using Google translate to decipher the text. The thing is she's recently been starting to send voice messages and her mandarin is accented so Google translate doesn't translate it completely right and that's led to some awkward conversations. I've even asked my parents on some of the stuff said (they were actually happy to help since they always wanted me to date someone from China/Taiwan) but if she starts talking about sexual stuff then its gonna be even more awkward. I bought duolingo though so hopefully I can learn fast enough. Wish me luck.
 today i looked at myself in the mirror and for the first time in maybe 4 months i found myself handsome 
 Peeps, NEVER apologize for having high standards. The people who belong in your life will meet you at that level. 
 There are people less qualified than you doing the things you want to do, simply because they decided to believe in themselves 
 The clitoris has 8000 nerves, if you gonna get on my nerves, get on one of those 
 I won my first hackathon today :) 
 Long distance relationships can work. They can survive and thrive without any of the partners cheating or lying. It just takes work. So hang in there y'all LDR Unless you are a stupid egotistic ignorant arrogant horny idiotic buttwit who can't keep his pants closed for other girls and goes out here playing people while his girlfriend stays loyal back home hoping that he's staying faithful and even gives his butt two more chances after cheating on her ...... then, Screw you :) 
 My boyfriend obviously has a small penis and I really don't mind that but what makes me uncomfortable and a little tilted is that he acts like it's enormous. 
 So, I’m a Christian but throughout the whole semester I feel like Christianity is not really making it for me. I tried to go to church and regain my faith but the more I do it the more it seems to falter. Instead I’ve been reading the Qur’an and exploring Islam and feel driven towards it, but quarantine has made it so difficult for me to continue this. I found a copy of Ihya Ulum Al Din and I’ve been reading from that, and I keep finding this type of literature (and lol, I think I’m going crazy cause I’m taking this as a sign). It’s really weird for me cause I feel very lost and I want to make up my mind on what’s best for me, and if I do decide to convert I want to do it as soon as possible to start learning the prayers. Isolation is really not helping me right now and I’m also worried of what might happen if my family finds out I’ve been thinking about this when I go back home. I just wanted to get this out of my chest. 
 Sis, your lipgloss costs $48, u can’t afford to be kissing fuckbois 
 I am no longer dating. If you interested in me, I need a 500 word essay( MLA ) on how u will not waste my time ... and Oh a 1000 dirhams processing fee 
 I am from New York and here cats are scared of humans. Explain to me why NYUAD’s cats come to me to fight over salad chips... ghetto asf 
 . I have been a student at NYUAD for 4 years, and I spent 4 years in high school, and 2 years of middle school. I still look up the MLA header format every time I write. 
 Darn. I miss NYUAD AC and hot shower 
 One for the 504 
 Darn! I miss NYUAD breakfast. 
 My boyfriend and I have sex quite frequently, but he's so gentle with me in fear of hurting me (which I really appreciate and is so sweet of him) which makes it hard for me to fully enjoy sex. I honestly just want to be degraded, choked until I can't breathe, and fucked like a ragdoll. 
 Sometimes when I text my girlfriend I need to have a dictionary/thesaurus page open cause she frequently uses words that could be used in Harry Potter spells and that everyone had to painfully memorize for SATS before they removed them. Like seriously who the fuck uses words like 
 For the first time in my life, I want to live. I always hoped, but never believed that antidepressants would work this well. I just need everyone to know that you are worth living for, and life is worth living for. 
 Is it normal that I completely feel nothing and I have nothing to look forward to at the moment? I cant find a job anywhere, no grad school in September, broke up with my boyfriend because of long distance shit.. I workout, hang out with my friends, read but all of what’s happening is wearing me down and I don’t know what to do. 
 During the quarantine I've gotten a Disney plus subscription and I've been watching the usual, Star Wars Clone Wars season 7, the Mandalorian, Onward, the Nightmare Before Christmas, etc. But after I finished all those, I decided to give Hannah Montana a try since I saw it a bit with my sister when I was small. And I'm really ashamed to admit this as a twenty year old guy, but I love it. This stuff is better than the Big Bang Theory. It's so hilarious yet it also has some kinda mature themes. I feel like a ten year old girl again. Oh wait, I've never been a ten year old girl. Oh well, time to sing Best of Both Worlds to myself for the hundredth time. 
 You know, sometimes it’s hard to meet genuine people at NYUAD. There’s so many cocky bastards who can’t shut up about what they’ve done. Where’s the personality? Where are the profound conversations? Yeah, cool, you have never gotten a B in your life and you’ve been involved in some hella cool stuff, but is there room for some humane laughter? I understand this time in our lives is so important. Working to find a career. A career where we’ll slave under American Capitalism. Some of ya’ll gotta chill and bathe in the moment sometimes. When we start working for the rest of our lives, you’ll regret not making more REAL connections. Maybe I’m stupid for saying this, but this craving for authenticity while I’m constantly surrounded by false faces all the time is so suffocating. 
 hi :) this may not get posted but i just want to say i hope everyone is doing okay. i know this quarantine is pretty hard on some people but it’ll get better. i hope you all can be happy ! 
 I want to give a special shoutout to my boyfriend that has been my constant support, motivation, and strength in the past few months! I've been the luckies girl to find in you love and friendship and I don't know if I will be able to ever express my gratitude properly. 
 tatyana your article was so beautiful 
 I got fucking rejected from a company I didn't even apply to 
 I finally felt good enough to get out of bed today 
 Let's see NYUAD students' phone preference. Heart = iPhone Like = Android 
 So we band around the word 
 Which juice tastes better? Like = Mango Heart = Orange 
 Waseem you're such an incredible person that I actually had a crush on you in sophomore year, we're lucky to have you 
 Women, compliment your men more. Tell them how awesome, handsome and witty they are. Men, compliment your women more. Show them that you care, tell them how beautiful the look in that dress or that you literally melt when they smile. It's such a good feeling to be acknowledged this way by the person you love <3 
 Alicja, your beautiful smile brightens up the room! Thanks for making my day 
 To my ex boyfriend who was questioning my ability in cumming, I squirted in another man’s hand. 
 ʕ´•ᴥ•`ʔ If an egg can be the most liked post on Instagram, this bear can be the most liked post on Confessions. Let's set a record together and make this the most liked post! 
 Holy shit I'm in love. Guys, I didn't even know this was possible. My girlfriend and i have been together for a year and we've never even had a fight. I came from a home where one of my parent cheated and they got a divorce and I've always been scared that no one actually stays in love all their life but fuck I don't think I can believe that anymore 
 Looking at seniors yesterday made me so sad. Seeing all of them together so happy, fulfilled, laughing and enjoying themselves on the highline was just so wholesome. But it also made me realise that we will have to leave this place that I never want to stop calling home. Each passing day, I remember how much of a heaven this place is for me, but that only reminds me how little time we have here. So let's appreaciate it! Class of 2020, wish you all the best in your future endeavors! Go out there and make us proud! 
 Lujain’s speech is only one part of her that’s amazing. Gonna miss you a lottt <3 
 4 years is way too short in this paradise 
 Can we just stop and talk for a sec about how NYU Abu Dhabi is honestly the best thing ever. 
 It is a difficult time for us all, but it is especially difficult for the seniors who are about to graduate. Let us start a movement where we tag a senior and write one great memory we had with/of them. Flood this post with love for the Class of 2020 
 Congrats on graduating class of 2020! The culmination of hardwork for the past few years was not a waste. Its just unfortunate to be in the situation we're in right now. I get it. I graduated back in 2009 during the last recession. It was difficult for anyone to find a job. People were getting laid off right and left. Asset values were plummeting. The world was uncertain that we would recovered from what was the worst recession since the great depression. What I found important was the fact that I never gave up. You will get multiple doors closed on your face, but you need to look ahead and make sure you keep your chin up and keep trying. While your dream job might be pushed forward on your timeline, it doesn't mean you won't land it. Stay focus and and if you're determined enough, you will get through this stronger. 
 Freshman Alpha, getting to know you has been the highlight of my semester. You're so kind and considerate and just a ray of sunshine. The world is just a better place with you in it. Can't wait to hopefully see you next sem! -An admirer. 
 Tell me why there aren’t any flights to the African continent, like tffff? So many countries in the continent haven’t closed their borders and the continent has the lowest cases of covid on the planet soooo?? We need to get home too and there “not being enough people from Africa for them to fly back home” is not an escuse cause there’s plenty of Africans ready to go back to their countries NOW. 
 I wanted to thank two of my professors this semster, and many more professors; if you were lenient with deadlines and understanding, thank you. I am not talking about not caring about my assignment, I just mead that you were understanding and accommodating. Because of you I was able to complete my work to the highest standard, and had fun doing it. Furthermore, thank you to the Professors who just took it easy on us recently without compromising the class. Reducing the workload a bit doesn't take away from what we are doing. Also shame on you to professors who close doors to students, making us feel like we cannot reach out if we need to. You make a stressful life worse. 
 Eid Mubarak to everyone 
 Mohammad Yasser - your funny jokes and down to earth character makes me wanna marry you 
 Brother Hassane since you are graduating its time for us to think about marriage 
 Anyone else angry at themselves right now because you failed the shit out of your finals, knowing full well that if you weren't such a lazy piece of shit that you could've done much better? 
 Studying for finals week has been rough thanks to some other not-school-related factors. But when I am studying, sometimes my girlfriend's face comes to mind and my studying quality increases easily by 50%. I feel as though I can remember the content easier and I'm enjoying my time studying. She doesn't permeate my thoughts so that I'm distracted, but just enough to remind me that someone out there wants me to do well on my finals, but even if I don't do so hot, she'll still cuddle with me later. I'm so lucky to be in a relationship with this amazing person! 
 I hope we can go back to campus in the fall i miss sleeping on a bed 
 Courses are all online (which makes me want to fucking scream), I may be stuck at home with no friends for the rest of the year...I would almost rather kill myself than go through the next year. Why are we still pretending this is alright and it's the new normal and we just have to accept it. It's not and I won't. I tried. I can't. Wish I could just fall asleep and wake up when it's all over 
 Dear Seniors, Daniel Kahneman's (who won the 2002 Nobel Prize) research on how we remember things suggests that we naturally remember emotional peaks and endings of experiences, rather than evaluating them holistically as a total sum of good or bad things that happened. When I read about this, I worried that the hugely sad situation now of commencement and Maassalama being cancelled and your final semester being largely taken away from you would cloud how you remember your four mad, beautiful years at NYUAD. Please remember that even though the grand ending and celebrations got away from you, nobody can ever take away all the adventures you've been on, all the relationships you've built, and all the memories you've made in your time as an NYUAD student. As Coach Dicce said to us just before we graduated, in 5 years' time we won't be running to hug our paper degrees, but the lifelong friends we see coming round the corner. When you have a moment, I would urge you to sit down and list out your three favourite moments from every single semester of the past four years. Look back over your instagram feed from sophomore fall break. Find the first post you ever made in your class facebook group. Spark up an old group chat from that rogue J-term you had. Send people photos of your favourite moments with them, or if you have a diary, reread it. However you archive things, please take the time to look back across all the crazy things you've got to do while you've been here, so that your memories of NYU Abu Dhabi for the next 5, 10 and 50 years will be ones of all the amazing things you did and the people you did them with, rather than this sad blip at the end. All the best, and welcome to your new family of alumni. 
 I am so beautiful 
 I can't believe I am graduating. What the hell am I gonna do? No job! Hard to find a job! Home is tough! Don't wanna go home! 
 Can someone tell me why the fuck I attend lecture if I just sit on my phone looking at memes the whole time? Will I absorb the info just by sitting here? 
 I am a professor here and get a kick out of going through these student Facebook pages. 
 Shout out to the NYUAD staff who are still coming in to make sure the university doesn’t fall apart! Housing staff, maintenance staff, house keeping staff, food services staff, and more! 
 My utmost respect to all those fasting right now, you are really incredible human beings. Hope you all get to spend Eid with your family and friends <3 
 My closest friend at NYUAD was studying away this semester and she is currently at home so I haven't actually seen her in months, but luckily we only got closer while being physically apart. I just wanna show how grateful I am to have met such a wonderful person who has been such a huge emotional support during these tough times. Love you and miss you lots! 
 Honestly, StuGov has nothing on these PSA elections. Six different people DM'd me already asking me to vote for their candidates, like damn you guys have mad outreach 
 Shoutout to Dana for putting up with our depressed asses. I swear I know more than 4 friends who always book her office hours to talk. Shes so comfortable to talk to and vent to (and also cry to, ive done it multiple times) Only recently knew she lost her grandfather and I feel so shitty for complaining about my minor worries. Just wanted to put this one out there so we remember to thank such people. I know so many of you rely on staff members to get things off your chest and they’ve been offering constant support no matter what they’re personally going through. Comment below moments you were grateful for staff members. Let’s make this a reminder to send a quick thank you to those people and remind ourselves of this caring community we have 
 
 I’m one of those people that usually has a black tape on top of their laptop cam, but I’ve been feeling so alone in quarantine that not only do I no longer put the tape on, but I now like to believe my FBI agent is chilling, watching me switch between working on an essay to bursting into tears, back to the essay, and to then bursting into singing and dancing all in the span of an hour. I like to believe I make him smile, and he’s secretly falling in love with me but can’t reach out because it would be unprofessional, and so he continues to spend his days looking after me from a distance. I just finished a dance number and he better be out there laughing and dancing with me. 
 Thank you Ray for making the movie 100 Countries Tell a Story!! I saw so many familiar faces and started to miss all my friends in NYUAD! And it's such a great initiative during the hard time of COVID-19. Big hug to you <3 
 Let's see NYUAD students' favorite movies. Tryna binge watch something for quarantine Heart = Lord of the Rings Like = Harry Potter 
 if a student asks a professor to ease the workload or lower grade boundaries, YOU BACK THEM UP! you do NOT mute your mic and vanish, waiting silently to gain same benefits 
 Screw professors who still keep timed Final exams over a zoom call 
 I wanted to impress my Chinese girlfriend by learning a Chinese song then singing it to her (I'm an ABC) but I didn't know it was a breakup song so I got hella confused when she started crying as I was singing it to her and now she wont respond to any of my wechat messages 
 Anyone quarantined with their significant other right now is actually on a ~90 day free trial of marriage. 
 Nuha, we've only talked a few times but you're such a sweet, funny and down to earth person. You're so fun to be around and I really regret not becoming closer to you this year but I hope that can change! 
 Lucas: we don't really know each other that well, but I'm so proud of you for sharing your experience in The Gazelle article. This is so important and you are a beautiful soul. 
 I really just wanna scoop up all the freshmen students and give them a big hug. I struggled so much in my first year, I couldnt imagine being in a situation like them. @freshmen: youre all doing so well and I am proud of you. I hope the year gets better for you. big hugs. 
 Here is the list of things I've done so far in quarantine : . 
 Can we all please agree to frequently do reunions after graduation? And alumni meetups with other classes? I cant imagine marrying someone who didn't have the nyuad experience but also i dont think we're old enough yet. like can we all have a huge meetup when we're ready to 'settle down'? I think the average person outside nyuad doesn't have the same thinking level and I cant wait to see nyuad guys/girls when they're 30. I feel like they'll be killing it! 
 PLZ READ: Guys please check up on your friends. Please let them know you genuinely care about them. Especially if they aren’t on campus. If you haven’t been talking much, even a small text can go such a long way. These are very difficult times, especially for people that are alone right now, or are the type of people that need affection. Even just hearing that you are thinking of them or are there for them can help so much. They need you more than you know. 
 I just had a dream where I was playing CoD but instead of a normal game, I was defending my place in class from waitlisted students. 
 FUCK EVERYONE WHO IS IN A 3 PERSON SUITE. You're being so fucking selfish, if you don't have someone to room with then just choose a room that already has someone living in it. It is so unfair to people who already have roommates but can't room with them anymore because there are 0 empty doubles. We're at 99% occupancy this semester, trust me you're not playing the system and you will NOT end up in a dingle. Please reconsider. 
 I'm a fourth year CS major who doesn't know how to code and at this point I'm too afraid to ask 
 Do you know what really hurts about this quarantine? The opportunity to know people (in person) is lost. Heck, the opportunity to strengthen my current relationships is also lost. Especially my friendship with my floormates. Just being with them in the hallway, the laundry room, made me genuinely so happy. My dorm was like a little family for me. Don't get this twisted-- I love my home and my parents. I'm grateful that I'm safe at home right now in the middle of this huge pandemic. It's just that I never thought missing people would hurt so much. As I go to bed at night and close my eyes, I can't help but smile, all the memories being played on rewind. I sound melodramatic, don't I? Haha, sorry, but if there's one thing that I'd like to confess, it's that loved freshman year at NYUAD. And I never thought I'd say this but, the people made this year the most special for me. 
 I will never understand how nyuad guys can go from *let me drive you in my car* to *cant say hi in d2* real quick 
 i’m so glad that i’m a history major, none of my classes ever fill up, where are the history haters now??? on a 10 person waitlist yea that’s where you are 
 I’d just like to say that after all this time, the only job offer I ever received via Handshake was from The United States Army. 
 Ramadan Kareem to all my muslim friends out there. 
 Tell me how, even though I woke up at 2 in the morning ready to enroll into my classes, click the button at exactly the time set for enrollment and still get into NONE of my chosen classes? 
 I adore NYUAD but having come to NY, now that I have to pick AD courses again I cannot deal with how little variety of advanced courses we have. Like bruh.. can I keep doing NY classes online for my major when I’m back in AD or do you think we could ask for more variety/specialized courses? cause at this point I’m not majoring in my field, I’m just majoring in liberal arts 
 America! You working on it? Or should I have a contingency plan 
 In times like these, my professor just called me out in front of the whole class when I and a few others asked him to decrease the workload of the course. We weren’t even asking him to do anything unfair since he’s cramming all the quizes and assignments that we missed in the last 2 months into just 3 weeks. How is this fair? He also accused us of “lobbying against him to change course requirements” I mean come on man, what is he doing ? On top of that, the others didn’t have the guts to speak up in front of the professor when he was calling us out. Makes me very sad. 
 All these posts about people shooting their shots. Seriously people should stop enforcing the idea that you need to be in a relationship to be happy. Yes relationships can bring a lot of happiness and peace but that's only when it's a good one and when you're with the right person. It's about time we start appreciating being single. Being single is not equivalent to loneliness. The fact that you're bored in these times doesn't mean you should be telling yourself that being in a relationship will make you feel better. Learn to maximize your singleness. Most of us end up in bad relationships causewe don't even know how to be single. We don't even know how to love ourselves. How do you expect to love someone else and have the person love you when you don't even love yourself. Bro... Sis... Enjoy being single while it lasts. Take the time to develop on yourself as an individual. Out your energy into achieving your goals instead of using it feeling sorry for yourself for being single. After this whole loxkdown, take yourself out on a DATE!! YES Take yourself out on a date. The world around us will call it loneliness, I call it maximizing your singleness! Relax and wait for the right person. Go into a relationship cause you're you know you're ready to stay with that person. Don't shoot unnecessary shots in the name of being scared of lonliness and end up even destroying friendships that could have been long lasting ones!! I feel like we should start offering relationships classes to people cause naahh.. We really are getting ourselves into shit and hurting ourselves too many times.. 
 This quarantine really teaching you who your real friends are. it's so interesting to see who messages/checks up on you, and who doesn't give a shit. 
 ENGINEERING & SCIENCE FACULTY..I do not understand you people. People are struggling... like proper struggling and you think people are chilling.. And have time for your hard ass exams?? You're hard to deal with in a normal semester. You are worst to deal with in a corona semester. And to all my fellow students: stay strong, we the student body are with you...I mean not the engineering faculty but I am with you, students are with and God is with you. 
 My dad just tested positive for fucking covid-19 and my grandmas been living with us this past month because she cant travel back home.. How the fuck am i supposed to write my papers and focus on my exams the next 2 weeks when shit like this happens. Im scared outta my fucking mind thinking about what could happen to all of us. for the love of god please stay inside you do not want to go through this.. Who can i talk to for help? 
 Reasons why I'm refusing to self-isolate during the COVID-19 pandemic: 1- There's no way the whole world is going to self-isolate so why should I? One person can't make a difference. 2- It's unhealthy to stay out of the sun and enjoy the company of fellow humans. 3- It's expensive. 4- Self-isolationists shouldn't force their beliefs on others. They should live and let live. I mean, I don't force THEM to go out and socialise. 5- I just enjoy the feeling of being with friends in the highline. 6- It doesn't harm other people who are out, enjoying themselves, anyway. 7- You say it's immoral...? Morality is subjective and going out feels right to me. 8- It's a cultural thing. In my country, socialising is the norm. My ancestors did it. 9- I know people will die but it's the circle of life. As long as they die humanely and with respect, it's all OK. After all, they'd die eventually, anyway. 10 - If it came to a choice of going out and socialising or starving to death on a desert island, which would you choose? 11- We evolved from apes...apes are social creatures. 12- If people didn't die, the world would be overpopulated. 13- There are better ways to promote self-isolation. The in-your-face approach from most self-righteous self-isolationists just puts normal people off the idea. Recognise any of these arguments? This is the sort of shit that Vegans hear every day. 
 To my engineering, science and math professors: I am struggling. My family is struggling. My parents work in high-risk professions. I can’t breathe or think of anything else. I am stressed, I am crying all the time. You go on like the semester is the same - assigning assignments and exams like it’s all that matters - that it doesn’t matter that my loved ones are testing positive, or that I am absolutely devastated and constantly stressed about them. The last thing I want to do is attempt such a tough assignment, or study for your tough exams. I just want to breathe. To my engineering, science and math professors at NYUAD, I wish you would be kind. At the very least, I wish you would understand. But you don’t, and you go on like everything is okay. I’m sorry to say, nothing is okay. And you are making it worse. 
 Happy Easter! May God protect you all and bless you with good health. 
 At this point, I am pretty sure most of the people exercising on the highline are doing it just to flex on all the rest of us. 
 
 If I'd known that I wouldn't see you again until the fall, I would have asked for another hug. But now we can't even do that much anymore. 
 Shoutout to Lujain for working so hard to make our interests heard. You are appreciated. 
 Electrical engineering senior Alia, why so pretty? Seeing you in class is mostly the highlight of my day. 
 I just want to share a heartfelt thank you to VC for being so brutally honest and open about things that she definitely DID NOT need to share during the forum today. The attacks on the staff today was not meant from the entirety of the class. Some students still appreciate you, staff! You're doing great, thank you for taking care of us!!! 
 I am a senior who attended the admin forum. I just want to say that I hope after it we can take a step back, calm down, and not add pressure or stress to each others lives. We cannot focus our energies on the wrong people and things. I've seen how stressful it has been for commencement role holders. They are under much pressure from different groups of people in our community (students, faculty, administration). Please let's take a step back and tell them we appreciate them. Lujain, Prince, Zain, Rawan, and Ekin, we appreciate you and will support you no matter what <3 
 i think its ridiculous to say that admin are suppressing us. they care so so much about the welfare of students. i studied away in nyc last year and nyuny is literally a corporation. i think the admin have handled this crisis with students' best interests at heart...what other school in the world is letting students stay on campus, doing so much programming for students' mental health and leisure, reaching out to every student, giving every study away student 1300 dirhams? the admin does so much for us and it disheartens me to see that the minute one thing doesn't go your way, you are so quick to say the admin does nothing, the admin suppresses us. Rather than engaging in a dialogue, you have been attacking each other and attacking the student government representatives who respond to every irrelevant tag of their names on facebook posts, who put so much time and effort into improving the quality of our life at nyuad. As an underclassmen, some members of the class of 2020 have been my role models and it saddens me to see everyone attacking each other in their last weeks at our school. I understand how difficult it must be to lose your commencement and I fully support you advocating for a better solution, but I urge you to consider how you want to be remembered and to be kinder to each other. 
 Guys, I have been thinking lately about our classes being online and how it is challenging all of us and, maybe uniquely, our faculty. I haven't observed many classes but in my classes, almost all of us switch off our cameras during the lectures. While I understand that we may prefer to do this for a multitude of reasons, I think it would help our professors if we kept them on. I have just been trying to imagine how it would have felt for me if I was speaking to a blank screen on my powerpoint for other people on the other side of the world expecting them to be there. I think keeping the cameras on will just make the classes more live and maybe help our profs feel like humans too in these hard times we are all going through. Thanks I am going anonymous because I think what I say is more important than who I am 
 You are needed. Yes, you. You are wanted. Even though it doesn't seem like it at the moment, things will get better. Please take the time to breathe. It's okay if you're struggling to learn online or forgetting to turn in assignments or feeling stressed about school. Just remember to take care of yourself and don't be too hard on your performance. Try your best, but above all your health should be your first priority. Being alone all day and finishing those never-ending projects is tough, especially when help comes at odd hours, but do things at your own pace. Give yourself the space to think and believe in what you can achieve. At home, you may feel strange or be reminded of things you wanted to forget. Take the opportunity to forgive, to develop, to embrace. And summer? You may have lost your plans, missed out on time with friends, forgone new career experiences, but have courage to keep trying. Keep sending those emails, keep applying. Don't be afraid to reach out for the help of others. Keep going. You are not alone. 
 Thank you Hafsa for being my biggest emotional support through these crazy times! I am learning everyday from your leadership! 
 Huge shoutout to the elections commission for holding the most exciting election I’ve seen in my four years here. It takes work to get so many people to run and vote. You are seen 
 Thank you so much to the WeSTEM team for their awesome newsletters, very well written and interesting stuff! Encourage everyone to subscribe! 
elections commission girl, please tell me you are single and ready to organize my life the way you organized elections..
 I miss sports :((( 
 I have a confession. I complain all the time and get nothing done. I scroll Facebook all the time and get nothing done. I say to my friends that I am busy and get nothing done. I tell my parents that I am busy and get nothing done. If you are reading this post, you are getting nothing done. I hope my confession helps people get something done. 
 I just convinced my parents to let me stay in NYUAD due to 
 shoutout to my girl Thais the sweetest, most unproblematic, genuine, helpful, selfless freshman, and one of the prettiest girls on campus. ur smile makes my day!! stay safe during all this!! 
 drake...where's commencement? 
 My roommate smells so bad that when my friend walked into our place, he dry heaved. He has basic hygiene habits, but for some reason he wont wash his clothes. It smells so bad that i would honestly prefer if it was just shit or urine. It smells like nato and fermented soybean paste pissed on each other and fucked, then vomited in each others mouth. the smell is beyond cheese, its fermented and straight aged. The pants smell the worst, a aged blend of shit, piss, and jizz stains. He absolutely will not wash his clothes because he doesnt think they smell. We’ve tried candles, febreze, rubbing alcohol. Nothings killed the smell. My other roommates and I are worried that we”ll start smelling like it too. We are actually thinking bout calling Resed director about it, he wont do anything about it, and if we wash it without him knowing, he”ll prob burn our clothes. He has threatened multiple times, and i believe him. We had someone come to fix our sink, and the minute he walked into the bathroom, he gagged, and then went to serco office cus he “forgot something.” The guy came back with a face mask. 
 my friend thinks I'm straight but im secretly gay and he doesn't like me but I like him and the girl that he likes is the girl that actually likes me but she doesn't know I'm gay either 
 Avatar The Last Airbender is the best thing that has happened in human history. Why hadn't I discovered it before?? I now know what I'm going to be doing for the entire remainder of this virus break. 
 I think Michael Leo K. is so hot! He is extremely wise and makes me feel so special when I talk to him. I'm pretty sure he doesn't feel the same way about me, but I still wanted to give a shoutout. Please stay alive so we can share more moments together. xoxo one of your many admirers 
 I am amazed at the sense of entitlement shown in these times. Granted, the campus is small and we are all going to run into each-other or hang out we are a closed community, fine. Have large gatherings throw parties like I can’t stop you and that’s not the issue. But when you think you, and your wanting a cig or to hang out walking around campus and you get mad at the police for telling you you’re supposed to be inside? Not everyone is mad about this just somehow shocked you have to abide by the law. There is an argument to be made that NYUAD campus is a community and the whole campus is basically a shared dorm but still. Stay off the street at the government imposes curfew. These are the measures being taken to try to ensure we don’t end up like the US or Italy or any other place that has been strongly affected by this virus. This is to keep the guards shifts easier and safer, to try to protect people as you seem to think you are the only people on earth. Everyone else has to abide by this. Why do you think you are exempt? This is a hard time and we want to make it good, but you a Re not the only ones suffering. We are not taking the necessary precautions and isolating ourselves so people like you can have fun because there are less people out. Just stay in and watch Netflix like everyone else. You are not above any other human. 
 it is really lonely talking to myself on Zoom i'm highly considering bumping the grades of students who turn on video and/or answer questions 
 Let's give a big thanks to all the custodial/janitorial staff on campus during the COVID-19 outbreak. I've seen them wiping down every single surface, handrail, pretty much everything - even things that people usually don't touch. I went to D2 today and they were wiping down every table multiple times and every chair even if no one had been sitting there. The next time you see someone on the cleaning staff tell them THANK YOU!!! 
 All kids at NYUAD when they get in a relationship be like: “We found love in a hopeless place.” 
 Congratulations to class 2020! I surely will miss you. But the three seniors, you know who you are, I need my money before you leave campus.I need it, please. Y'all look good in the class photos but I still need my money. 
 Was excited to go home early but didn't realise that meant 5 months of being sober in my brown household 
 Wow. Can't believe all my Class of 2020 babies are graduating soon. Y'all look fantastic in your graduation photos!! I can't wait to see what great stuff life has waiting for you. 
 To the girl who wore less and less clothes throughout the zoom discussion until she was only wearing a blanket: Nice 
 Spring Break really just came and went huh 
 Are there any single Scorpio women out there? I’m tired of getting played by Geminis. 
 It's been a rough weekmonthyear. 
 For the first time I miss living on campus knowing how safe it is to be there in these difficult times. I mean it’s always been the perfect place for social distancing from the world but this time it should be crowned for real 
 Dear students - concerned prof here. During these crazy times we live in, the university has been given a lot of latitude. Unlike people elsewhere, we can still go outside and walk the Highline. However, this is in jeopardy since you have collectively failed to maintain social distancing. I see you everyday in large groups in close proximity outside. Please just walk alone, exercise alone, and stay 2m away from people on the Highline. If you don’t, we will all be forced to stay inside. Please don’t screw it up. 
 When I found out my ex had a new boyfriend, the first thing I did was check his LinkedIn to assess his power level and make sure I was still the most successful dude she's ever dated 
 My boyfriend always sleeps before me and I stay up for another 2-3 hours after he falls asleep and just admire how cute he is when he’s sleeping. His face is so peaceful and sometimes he snores softly when he’s really tired (which is adorable). When I’m working or using my laptop in bed next to him he always hugs my leg because he wants to cuddle. And when I get into bed ready to sleep, I kiss him on the forehead and tell him I love him, and sometimes he whispers it back in his sleep. And I’m super needy so I’ll whisper for him to spoon me and he’ll unconsciously reposition himself and throw him arms over me and hold me to sleep. I love you so much baby!!!!! 
 Just wanted to say thank you to all the seniors in debate! You guys were such a big part of my debate experience and you made me feel so welcomed as a freshman that had no idea what was going on <3 I really appreciate the kindness and patience and support I got from every one of you guys and I wish you the absolute best!!!! 
 Campus is only virus-free because coronavirus hasn't yet found its way around Duo Two-Factor Authentication 
 Shout out to people who stay nice and kind no matter what. Shout out to people who genuinely care. Shout out to people who keep their promises. Shout out to people who are responsible enough to take care of themselves first. We all need more people like you in our lives! Please radiate your vibes - there is nothing more sexy than being a GOOD human being! 
 
 To all of the Seniors graduating in this crazy time: I’ve only been at NYUAD for a semester and a half but looking at the group of seniors we have on this campus makes me think about how much potential there is to do great things here. You're such AMAZING and TALENTED people and I’m really sorry I didn’t get a chance to meet all of you. But those I have met have shown me that you are always ready to openly help out freshmen who feel lost or just want advice on everything from picking a major to just living the life of a college student. Experiencing class with you guys was so eye opening, your all so smart and insightful that I feel like I’ve already learned so much in this past year from class discussions. But I’ve learned just as much from the class of 2020 outside of academia too, even just by watching you guys. I’ve learned to be comfortable with this place and comfortable with myself (a process I’m still going thru but Ik I can get there), because you all seem so comfortable and happy here and you all have your own personalities that you project so proudly. Ik this place is gonna be a much bumpier ride than I’m making it seem, but I also know that, by looking at your class, I’ll grow and develop so many great friendships. So thank you guys for leading by example. Ik this is random (especially since there’s still a little over 2 months left of the semester) but seeing the email about commencement made me realize that you guys might need smth, no matter how small, to smile about rn (I have a sister in her senior year of uni too and seeing her at home just so upset about everything is killing me) so I thought I’d show you guys in a little way just how much your appreciated on this campus. You welcomed us with open arms so I just wanted to say goodbye with that same level of friendship, so thank you guys for helping NYUAD feel like home so quickly and thank you for showing us what we can become at this amazing place. I sincerely hope you guys get a proper send off and that you all achieve what you want in your future class of 2020. We’ll miss you 
 Salote you are such a ray of sunshine! I missed seeing you on campus this semester:( You glow girl 
 Havent had a single confession about me but I take solace in the thought that there are probably so many that admin doesnt post out of jealousy. 
 Anant you’re so cool! 
 Freshman Indira, you're honestly the sweetest person ever! Even though I don't know you very well, I have such a friend-crush on you and hopefully I can get to know you better next sem... I hope you're doing well in such stressful times and I wish you the best. :) 
 Sarah Ahmad Khan, you’re a gem in our community and I hope you’re coping well with all the crazy stuff that’s happening. Also I really vibe with your hair color! :) 
 I chose to stay. It made sense. Still does. But I didn't know it would be this hard with literally everyone of my friends flying home. Life seems like a cruel joke. To people who flew back home, as weird as it may sound, text your friends on campus: some of them are a lot more alone than you can imagine, or than they may let on. 
 To Laura Karpauskaite, You are a sight for sore eyes! Truly, you are one of the most amazing people on this campus and I wish that we had more time together before the end of the semester. You are smart, gifted, and one of the most beautiful women that I have ever seen. Any chance that I can take you out before corona does? 
 With everything that's going on with the virus and the hell of a storm in UAE, sending lots of love to all the members of our community! The shit's getting scarier by the second, stay safe, you lovely 
 To the person who posted 
 I have no motivation to study for finals because my bf is a cs major and im going to be a housewife lol graduating in two months! 
 I'm too scared to tell this to anyone and too scared to ask in person, but I know that I need help immediately. I tried sending a post a few weeks ago, but it never got through. Things have gotten worse since then and now I can't get myself outside this cycle. My boyfriend has been abusing me and I can't tell anyone. He makes it seem like everything is okay around his friends but when they are gone, he pressures me into having sex with him and quiets me when I say no. I don't know who to turn to but I vaguely remember being told about seeking help when this happens during marhaba. I just never paid attention because I never thought it would be me looking for such help. Please help me..please please please. 
 I feel really disappointed. I'm living on campus with all the facilities and my parents back home are struggling. My dad is not getting paid as the restaurants are closed and/or not getting customers. Ik writing here doesn't help but I just wanted to share this to ease my pain. Hope everything returns to normal. May God give us strength to overcome this stressful period. 
 Whenever I have sex with my girlfriend, and she is on top, I look at the shelf adjacent from my bed. On this shelf is a black book with red letters that says “Probability - Pitman.” When I see this book I think back to when I was in STAT class, and I immediately am able to not cum for as long as I want. I try to recall every possible fact about every distribution in that book. This kills almost all sensitivity down there. Switching off between this and coming back into the moment when I’m starting to go soft, let’s me fuck for as long as she wants. She thinks I’m a beast, but Pitman is really the one rocking her shit. 
 Let's take a moment to appreciate all of the professors who, among everything, had to learn how to move their classes online, change midterms, labs, grading, and everything else in a week! 
 I can't believe my last semester at NYUAD will have to be spent in my dorm. I was actually excited to attend my classes for once. This was supposed to be my fun semester where I finally live it up and enjoy with friends. Now I've lost a month of the precious remaining time. Sending love to all my fellow seniors 
 All NYUAD GEPS has taught me that this Corona Virus is Malthusian correction. 
 Can we just appreciate how great having nirvana is. My friends going to universities in the US and places cant even reach the airline not to mention buying a ticket while being kicked out from the dorms. Because of nirvana we can just get tickets with one email. Y’all rule, nirvana. 
 Is it really that hard to find a 6’2 practicing Muslim guy whose beard connects and who isn’t drunk every Thursday and who doesn’t text other girls and is smart and funny and has real masculine energy who’ll come home from his 6 figure job and spend all his time with me and do whatever I tell him to??????????????? 
 honestly a shoutout to the MVPs of this whole situation: Hafsa, Tina, Vongai, and so many other students who have been tirelessly working to help communicate and make students' lives better in this whole situation. This time should be about bringing people together so if someone has improved your life in some way during this time, let them know! 
 Look, I agree with the left on most things, but we fucking suck at talking to people who don’t agree with us. I asked a girl what her spirit animal was, and she hit me with the “oof” because just using the term is a faux pas. Okay, fine, well I disagree. I think it’s just too catchy. Care to explain why I’m wrong? Nope. She ghosted me. Why won’t anyone risk a single conflict for once to improve our society? In class few weeks back, we had a discussion on homelessness. The one guy who was brave enough to speak up and said “a lot of them are drug addicts, they should fix that first” was promptly crucified. Two people went up to him afterwards because they pounced too hard. He didn’t say much the rest of the class. I wish, oh I wish dearly I could just have a real conversation with someone who disagrees with me on many topics and knows why they think what they think. Don’t get that much at NYUAD. My opinions were only born here, not tested, not changed. 
 See you in May Class of 2020 
 Honestly girls who get enough sleep every night is the most attractive thing ever. That's right you go get that mf rest after a long day of studying or whatever 
 I'm liberal but holy fuck the liberals at NYUAD make me embarrassed to be so. Literally people will say they're 
 My boyfriend and I are doing long distance and we were supposed to see each other during Spring break but now because of the coronavirus we can only do a video call :( I really miss him 
 Class of 2020 will go down to history as a Coronavirus Class! 
 I had - let’s put it as this - not the most exciting semester at nyuad last fall. My mental health was non-existent and I was constantly on the edge. Yet, through daily work beginning late december I was able to get my anxiety under control, increase the levels of my confidence and self-esteem to where they truly deserved to be, and now I am feeling happy and complete every day. I am so grateful to myself for not giving up during the darkest times and want to shout out to everyone struggling with their life and mental health: you are AMAZING and BEAUTIFUL for who you are, please keep going - I truly believe in you! Cheers <3 
 This is something quite small, but I get a warm, fuzzy feeling when my roommate comes into the room late in the night, and is courteous to be extra ninja-stealthy with his movement and voice. I sometimes 
 Roommate: 
 If you won’t love me, at least love my passport 
 I’ve been quarantining myself from class before it was cool 
 Happy International Women's Day 
 Yes I'm a physics major. Yes I have sex. Yes we exist. Yes I'm lying. 
 PSA: compliment your friends y'all. Trust me it makes my day when I (a male) get a compliment from one of my friends or even a stranger; when someone compliments me I get all happy and smiley. I mean come on who doesn't want to be the reason someone smiles uncontrollably? I love complimenting my friends. They're outfit's on point? I tell them. I'm glad they're in my life? I tell them. I missed them because it's been a while since we last hung out? Guess what? I tell them. Be the reason someone smiles today. 
 I really just want a good muslim boy already. where can i purchase one, i am tired of waiting. i've tried subtle curry dating, tinder, hinge, even in-person flirting like a caveman. all the works. the worst was when I saw my uncle on Minder. no, i didnt swipe right. 
 Seriously, take it from someone who's out in the real world, NYUAD people are some of the finest in the world. Not just academically, but on a human level, they truly are fantastic and one of a kind. 
 I literally just want to cook food for my friends. Thats all, it makes me happy. A lot of times when I want to cook for my friends and I invite them over they're like 
 From a recent grad: Kids, this is a very useful advice. Go use the gym as much as you can and attend as many gym classes as possible because once you get out of the bubble you’ll be asked to pay a looooot of dirhams to join a gym or attend gym classes that are (to my understanding) of a lower quality than those at NYUAD. 
 My girlfriend forgot it was my birthday until afterwards. I thought there was no happy birthday wishes or plans because she was hosting a surprise party for me but nope it was 8pm yesterday and I finally decided she ain’t wishing me happy birthday so I went out to dinner myself to get takeout. Today I saw her and she made no mention either even when I dropped casual hints like “I am already 22 I can’t believe I am almost 1/4 of a century or do you want to get cake later to celebrate for fun” but she didn’t pick up on it and instead got mad at me for forgetting to bring her back her headphones she left in my dorm :( (She still hasn’t wished me happy birthday and I threw her such a big party and expensive dinner just two months ago for her own birthday). She knows it’s my birthday because of Facebook and you know I told her two weeks ago and last week). - A very heart broken guy 
 I signed up for a core class, I show up for the first lecture only to realize: I'm in the same class with my ex-girlfriend's new bf, my new gf's ex-boyfriend, my best friend's ex's new boyfriend, and my roommate's crush. It's gonna be LIT, nah just kidding fml 
 Literally whoever the fuck bumped into me at the library stairs and made me drop my Airpods down to the ground floor from level 3 ... I hope this post haunts to the goddamn grave 
 One Professor: There are so many ants in the lab...why? His coworker: Probably your doritos His other coworker: the only bugs in this lab are in your code -overheard at ERB 
 
 You know what is hot? Determination, motivation and work ethic. Shout-out to you guys working on weekends and spending sleepless nights on something that is meaningful to you. I'd go for an anti-social but self-made guy rather than for someone who knows how to dance and pick up girls at drinking party. 
 My mom just beat breast cancer. Thank God, Alhamdulillah 
 I just want a hug 
 My girlfriend recently started being vegetarian, and might possibly even go vegan in a few months. I could never give up meat, but I still support her as best I can. It's been going great so far, but recently she has started biting me more. I didn't think much of it and she's a 10 so it's kinda hot. Recently though, she said 
 “I miss Yugoslavia.” ~ prof’s closing words of core class xxxx 
 Fun fact: I joined the bubble tea cult in hopes of finding love and spilling the tea (pun intended), and so far, I’ve only seen orders for bubble tea. Worst part? I DESPISE bubble tea. Like, who the fuck thought it would be a good idea to place pearls in tea? Tea is meant to be simple, relaxing, enjoyable, not a potential choking hazard. BTW, tag all of your single friends who love Boba. 
 I love school. There, I said it. It may well be the lamest and nerdiest thing I’ve ever typed, but I fucking love school. It’s not even so much THIS school, although the classes here and the wealth of knowledge from world-famous professors are bomb. I just really fucking enjoy learning in general. There’s just so many fun and interesting things humanity knows as a whole! And I’m an undisciplined sack of shit, so I don’t ever actually read shut on my own. The procrastinate-cram for exam cycle is still hell, of course, but I still have that tryhard student attitude going, and it’s like a familiar, comfortable hell. I kind of wish I could just attend school forever. That sounds... even weirder and pathetic. And obviously unrealistic. My impression is that grad school is actual fire and brimstone, and I’m not suited for research anyway, so this is my last tutorial stage before capital A Adulthood. Maybe I’m just scared of adulting. Life is pretty comfortable and stuff, I love the city.... What am I even gonna do after graduating? Work, hobbies/video games, rinse and repeat? That sounds awful. And it assumes I’ll actually get the job I want right out of college.... What else? I guess the next “stage” is finding a guy. How am I gonna date if I don’t even know how to find a date here and now?? What do I wanna do with my life?! I hope some of you guys have got stuff a little more figured out than me, haha. 
 I love making themed playlists on Spotify. I put way too much effort and thought into them. Sometimes, I just look at my own Spotify homepage and feel proud. Secretly, I really really wish someone would tell me I did I good job with one of them. In the dead of night I just made the most flawless playlist I've ever crafted. I just wanted to tell someone cause no one cares! 
 I fucking HATE it when people ask me for help in classes or to collaborate on assignments. Why should I help you? You're one of the people whom I'm competing with to get a good grade in this class. And since I usually work hard to get the grades I deserve, why should I make things easier for you by helping you? Do the work on your own. It's best for all of us if we stop feeling like we have some obligation to feign altruism and camaraderie. If it's anything but academics or job-related stuff, then yeah, I'm fine with helping people out if I have the opportunity. But with that kinda stuff, it's a dog-eat-dog world out there. It's business. You do what you have to do to succeed. 
 I love Asian food! and I miss 2000s music. I seriously wanna start a student organization where we simply meet three times a year to sing karaoke to old Hannah Montana, Camp Rock, and High School Musical songs and eat spring rolls, sushi and fried rice 
 Let's see NYUAD students' favorite meat. Heart = Chicken Like = Beef 
 Im a senior about to graduate and ive never gone to office hours ever 
 Whenever you are sad, just remind yourself some people pay the same tuition to get an NYU degree which you are getting for free. 
 If you're reading this, I promise you things will get better. For the longest time at NYUAD, I was failing courses semester after semester. I was struggling to stay on track and at times I thought about dropping out. I hardly told anyone about my depression. I am a first-generation college student and I couldn't tell my parents I was failing when I was their dream. I couldn't tell friends I was failing because I did not want to be accused of 
 
 
 I recently found out that the person I was talking to didn’t feel the same way about me as I did about them. A few days ago I woke up in the middle of the night with a headache. So I decided to drink some water and eat some peanut butter. I get a scoop of peanut butter and am about to eat it but I look at it. Out of nowhere I start laughing and say out loud “peanut butter.” I then got a tingly feeling as I ate it. THAT TINGLY FEELING WAS COMMON SENSE REENTERING MY BODY BECAUSE NO ONE IS GOING TO LOVE ME AS MUCH AS I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER. 
 Please tag the most boring person you have ever met on campus 
 “I get lonely when you nap” -overly loving roommate 
 Abu Dhabi weather is perfect right now. Studying away in the freezing cold really made me appreciate the weather here. The weather is rarely horrible, I love living here 
 I don't know how many of you tech nerds need to hear this but I am a graduating senior who had 0 internships, 0 research experience, 0 academic related extra curriculars and I managed to get a full-time job as a software engineer in the bay area with a great salary. I remember applying to 100+ internships last summer and getting rejections from all of them for various reasons, and my hair falling out because I was so fucking stressed out and everyone is like 
 
 Hi guys, on behalf of students of NYUSH I just want to put it out there to count your blessings every day. I don't necessarily mean just that you are healthy and safe, which is definitely of utmost importance, but also that you all are able to take normal college classes and carry your semesters forward at such a beautiful campus. We do not know when we will get the opportunity to head back as of yet, as classes will be held online for now beginning the 17th. For the students, faculty, and administration, this is an extremely testing time, especially when taking into account that seniors need to complete their capstones and semester in time to graduate. Without victimizing ourselves, this situation has taught all of us how the most unexpected of circumstances can take over our routine lives so easily, and put to light things we often unconsciously take for granted. This all goes to show how something seemingly small at first, an unprecedented virus, has touched our lives even though we are not suffering its effects directly. We are all fortunate to be alive and healthy unlike those in Wuhan who are risking their lives every day, many to fight corona to the core so this is all over soon. Most importantly, we've seen NYUSH come together more than ever before in a time of uncertainty and hardship, and are hopeful and positive that that will pull us through the term. I hope we realize that instead of blaming a nation and its people for this situation, we lift each other up instead of dragging each other down. While it is unfortunate that study aways had to lose the opportunity to experience Shanghai this term, we are thankful that they made the right decision to prioritize their safety and academics. While we don't know where this is taking us, there must be a reason for all of this and in the end, we will get there, even if we don't know when. We are frustrated, confused, disappointed, and anxious for our futures, but so thankful for the embraces of a global NYU community. 
 Next student life event: NYUAD men ask their crush out challenge 
 I broke up with my boyfriend because I realized he was super homophobic and had double standards (he gave a backhanded compliment(?) about one of my best guy friends being gay and said “I hate those people normally, but this one is pretty cool I guess” and then proceeded to use derogatory terminology to describe lgbtq people. The conversation became heated when I said “wtf people are people and love is love” and then he said “I’m only cool with lesbian porn stars, that’s it”. Glad I broke up with this double-standard, homophobic prick. If you’re reading this — I faked my orgasm every time 
 I miss my boyfriend....nothing happened, he’s just in class and I miss him. Love u babe. I hope you’re having a good day 
 Angry rant after seeing posts about the small injured kitten: Cats do not belong on campus. I’m sick of seeing cats beg for food, stroll around on the road and in the heat and be injured. Students are being selfish by wanting to keep the cats on campus - this is not a place for pets who don’t even have owners to care for them. Why aren’t they taken to a homeless shelter where they can get loving homes? If people really cared about these cats, they’d know that campus is not the right place for them. 
 Listen up, y’all. I’m tired of being single. Valentine’s Day is coming up, and I’m still single, and I’m sure that some of you resent this holiday due to the fact that it celebrates romantic love (I mean, you can tell your friends you love them, but they’re in happy relationships, and you’re still single). So here’s what I am suggesting: I’ll make a website/app/form where all of the single users answer a questionnaire and an algorithm pairs them up with the best match. Basically, let’s create an NYUAD dating app but this time, I’ll be using my own resources. Anyway, laughing reacts to this post if you want this website/app/form to happen, likes if you don’t want this, and tag all of the single people on campus. Let’s all have happy, healthy, and fulfilling relationships this year. P.S. If you’re looking for something casual, the website/app/form will provide. 
 Children of the nobility go into physics and pure/applied maths, while the commoners and lower classes study engineering. That's the way it's always been, and that's the way it should always be. 
 Roommate 1: “Is 7 minutes too soon to reply to this email?” Roommate 2: “Oh my god, it’s a professor not a boy” 
 I fake being pro-life/anti-abortion just to scare guys into using a condom :^) 
 “catch viruses not feelings” - overheard at Chinese New Year dinner 
 My goal is to have NO friends and NO boyfriends. I want to be ALONE. I want to STUDY. Imma go to OFFICE HOURS. Imma WORK OUT. Imma learn SALSA. I’m gonna walk down sproul waving hi to you like we are best friends even though I’ve only talked to you once before and that was only because you needed a pencil for a midterm. I want 0 text notifs. I’m a super nice person but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD do NOT give me small talk. I’m GRINDING this year and having fun with STRANGERS. BYE 
 I am not useless. I am art. 
 PSA: Now that people are coming back from their J-terms in Shanghai along with the study away student from NYUSH, please be careful of the novel coronavirus. Wash your hands frequently, properly cook through your food, wear masks, and if you have flu-like symptoms please just go to the hospital, for the sake of public health. Let's not die people. 
 Can't believe I'm sharing the same space and air with kids from the 2000s. Child eat your broccoli 
 The most liberating feeling is your roommate being away and you can finally poop with the bathroom door open 
 Roommate 1: my new year's resolution is go to all of my classes this semester *everyone else in room laughs hysterically* 
 shout out to the people who mind their business, don’t talk shit, and put their energy towards positive things. moral of the story, mind your business, mind the business that pays you, and chase a bag. 
 I was clearing out my email today and stumbled upon a ton of old messages from pre-college friends that I had lost contact with. I had honestly forgotten about most of these people, but going through the messages made it all come rushing back. It made me remember how much we all meant to each other. The sad reality is that sometimes, no matter how much you love someone, you just… drift apart. And college seems so long but in the grand scheme of things, a lot of people you meet in college might just be memories someday too. I guess what I’m saying is— love and cherish people, don’t take your relationships for granted, and let people know you appreciate them. You don’t always know how long people will be in your lives. 
 If you plan on staying in the UAE post-graduation, please start learning Filipino and Hindi so you understand your colleagues during work and meeting conversations. This is very important in case you want to succeed in your job and the industry. And btw, I’m not joking, experienced it myself and now trying to figure out this s*it. This applies to both large and small firms, whether international or local. -A recent graduate. 
 Dude if I die on a bench press, you add 20 kg, then you call the cops 
 You know what's sexy? Public transportation. Compliments to all of y'all out there taking the FREE bus to Wahda and taking the 25 dhs bus to Dubai <3 <3 And I see you taking a 25 minute detour to get somewhere with Abu Dhabi buses that don't really work that well. And ooo girl I saw that metro card in your wallet. There is a bus that comes to your front door. Unless it is an emergency or you are tight on time, there is no excuse. 
 At Krispy Kreme: Cashier: try our Chinese new year special! itll give you good luck for the year. No girlfriend now? You’ll have a girlfriend. Customer: what if I have a girlfriend? Cashier: you’ll get another Customer: how much was it for a dozen? 
 I'm sorry for putting this here bc I know I'm not an nyuad member but this is the only place I can talk about this anonymously without explaining context. I'm an ed2 applicant, and most of the people I know have gotten their CW invitations or at least a deferral. People sending emails have said that nyuad says most invitations are out but some might still be sent later in the week. When they called NY on Friday though, they said ALL invites were sent. I've just been completely heartbroken. I spent years trying to build my extracurriculars, essays, etc etc. Nyuad means more than a uni to me. I know people might say it's not the end of the world, but this was something I had dedicated everything to, it was my end goal. I wish my fellow applicants all the best as I patiently wait for my rejection letter. I hope everyone realizes how lucky and fortunate they are to be nyuad students. It will be difficult now for me to graduate without debt and be in a place where I don't feel like I belong. 
 I love NYUAD so much. I couldn't imagine being anywhere else. 
 Saw this girl I thought was cute so I got her name and number. I was going to text her but I looked her up on LinkedIn and she's a senior with no prior work or internship experience. I immediately lost interest. Employability is sexy.
 God damn. Nobody told me about NYUAD Boys & Men before I came to AD and I’m fed up with the men looking like my 8-year-old brother. 1) Clothes. Make sure your clothes fit you. It doesn't matter the style but nothing looks worse than someone who has clothes too small or too large for their bodily proportions. 2) Hair is insanely important. For god's sake, cut and style your hair. Get some gel and figure out the angles of your hair. Nothing is sexier than when a girl combs her hands through your hair and shivers go down your back. Personally, I like it when a guy's hair is shorter on the sides and longer on top. The top should be long enough (like 1.5-2 in) so I can run my hands through it/ grab something while we make out. 1.5-2in should also allow men to be able to style it with gel to look put together. 3) Glasses (if you have them) Find frames that make your face look angular. Women drool over the angled jawlines of celebrities, so find a pair that can emphasize either your cheekbones or your jawline. 4) Posture. Hold your shoulders back. This will open up your body and force your head to look up making you look more confident in your appearance and ultimately “sexier” -sincerely a girl who went to NYUAD to escape her 8-year-old brother, not to have to date men who look like him 
 I know this has been hard for you. You’ve been doing great and made it through. I am so proud of 
 So I drank pretty much half a gallon of milk today. Like no joke, basically a half gallon and I'm pretty lactose intolerant. I had to go the bathroom like 10 times where it was literally just diarrhea, but that's not the point. I know that everyone who's lactose intolerant still drinks milk or diary products. If you don't, you're probably not a real lactose intolerant. And we keep drinking it even though we know it ends badly because we love it. We love milk and cheese and butter and ice cream and frozen yogurt and in n out smoothies. But when it comes to a cutie in the hallway or person that we just want to get to know better or ask out, we never act on it. Yet we always keep drinking copious amounts of milk. Maybe its time to start acting like the lactose intolerant idiots that we are and ask that friend or stranger or crush out. 
 i hooked up with this guy last friday and as we were about to have sex i told him i was a virgin and he said “i should probably make this special huh” and the next words out of his mouth were “hey google play music from the shrek 2 soundtrack” and i proceeded to lose my virginity to accidentally in love by counting crows 
 To all the ladies out there (I mean everyone else too but I'm just gonna focus on the ladies), I recently read an article that said that one of the problems women face in trying to get interviews/jobs is that women tend to only apply for positions where they feel almost 100% qualified whereas men are more likely to apply even if they didn't meet all the qualifications. Now, I understand that this is very general and vague (it cited a study but I didn't check details/numbers) and the same can go for everyone else too, but I wanted to point it out specifically for the ladies who might be down after fall recruiting (for certain majors) or finals, because I know a lot of other girls who this does apply to. Shoot your shot (at a job)! You've got nothing to lose! And if they reject/ghost you, don't feel bad! They're missing out on you! And you can still reapply next year when your resume is even better than ever and then they might notice what they're missing out on! Let's cheer each other on! -Some friendly advice from a raccoon who just wants to see all his friends succeed 
 Once in a while, my favorite song would play in D2 and I'd be super pumped. I know I could always play it on my phone and be equally excited, but having someone else unexpectedly play it for me is addictive. In the past, I've found myself crowding my playlist with meh songs along with my favorite one just so I could press shuffle and get the thrill of 
 I love my friends so much. They're the most wonderful people in the world and I don't know how I got so lucky to have them as my friends. I'm so glad I came to NYUAD so that I could have the opportunity to be surrounded by people who are empathetic, warm-hearted, passionate, and empowering. 
 I know some girls send their bf nudes, but my roommate is an artist. Sometimes she tries to hide it, but I've walked in and she's wearing six inch heels in bed, taking a video of her rubbing lotion all over herself. She'll sit in front of the mirror and do her makeup nude. I caught her practicing how to give a lap dance on an empty chair. She has a closet full of lingerie and chokers. Some lace, some leather. I mean, I'm not gay. But she always jokes about having a career in porn or stripping for post-grad life and honestly I think she's got talent. 
 Seniors acting as if they skipped freshman year 
 Thank you the UAE government for hosting me and paying for my education. God bless this great country for what it has done to better me and my family's well-being 
 Peak of global leadership is knowing dealers in 13 different cities around the globe 
 If you ever feel lonely, depressed, full of self-hatred or just had the worst day, go to sleep. I promise that you will wake up and face a better tomorrow. 
 Too many acquaintances, but no friends 
 Can we always receive our swipes in the form of Dirhams 
 The Saj counter in D2 is criminally underrated. 
 I've heard that the Q in LGBTQ stands for Quantum computing cuz it's non-binary. Is that true? 
 to all my friends doing jterm abroad while I’m in AD, COME BACK I MISS YOU AND WANT TO GIVE YOU A HUG >:( 
 my crush keeps shipping me with other people and asking me who im into and BITCH ITS U STFU WHAT AM I SUPPOSE TO SAY HUH?! THIS AINT NO HALLMARK SPECIAL. MY EGO WONT LET ME ADMIT MY FEELS. TF DO U DO IN THAT SITUATION ANYWAY?? GIGGLE AND BLUSH LIKE A SCHOOLGIRL?? FEIGN DISINTEREST IN EVERYONE?? FUCK!! 
 Suggestion to make a support group on campus for people with toxic, complicated, or unhealthy family situations at home. Like AA but for people with screwed up/borderline screwed up family situations back home that make coming back rather emotionally exhausting or toxic. Let's talk about it. Being home made me realize how toxic my family is and how hard it is often to explain to friends who don't understand, and hard to grapple with the feeling for being a burden to your friends. Let's all help each other <3 
 To my friends, haters, acquaintances, campus cat(s), and the rest of the NYUAD, best wishes for happy holidays and a magnificent New Year. May the holiday season bring only happiness and joy to you and your loved ones. Peace out! See you in 2020 insha'Allah <3 
 Is it me or has the D2 wifi gone to literal shit the last couple of weeks 
 I'm a major hoe. No like literally, I keep flirting with different majors at the same time but I can't commit to a single one 
 To be honest, I am not particularly excited about going back home. While everyone else is either excited that they are going back or disappointed how they are going home later than others, it seems like I am the only one who doesn't really want to go back home. My family is a mess, everyone hates one another, and I have zero friends back home. My parents won't even have time, because they need to work for financial stability even when everyone else has holidays. But I guess that is good because all they do is fight when they spend time together. I guess I will be spending the entire break alone in an empty house. 
 Am I homesick or I do I just not want to study for my finals? 
 Just wanted to share results of my small experiment. I got these fruits from d2 the first week we got here, that's how they look now... Well, merry Christmas, we're going home to get some real food finally I guess at least now u know that those weekends are not the most toxic part of your diet
 okay this is an actual compliment - jay, you’re absolutely the best. I’m so sad I’ll have to make it through 2 years without you... i’ll miss you so much. thank you for making my semester worth it 
 I GOT IN. I GOT INNNN. BIG THANKS TO THE STUDENTS AMBASSADORS AND NYUAD FOR THIS AMAZING WEEEKEND!! I really cant belive i am accepted wtf. Now that I am technically allowed to post on this page, my first crushpost goes to the moroccan candidate with the unpronounceable name (mowaed?) and the turtle neck. I never bielieved in love from the first sight until I saw you lecturing the bus about genocracies, malthusianism, and non interntial reference frames. PLEASE ENROLL ( and be the father of my kids). 
 Wishing everyone an abundance of luck as y'all tackle this finals season. I know you will conquer it as easily as you’ve conquered countless mountains in your life. Good luck! 
 I'm a fourth year with an overall GPA of 2.1 (out of 4.0). How do I raise it to at least 3.8 by graduation? I'm planning on working for Google or Microsoft, hopefully I'll get an early offer but if I get accepted after I graduate, then that's fine too. 
 Sara Alanis, thank you for being a ray of sunshine every single time I run into you you make campus happier 
 The real walk of shame is walking by the HUA class after leaving the convenience store with 3 jumbo kimchi noodles 
 Senior Mia is the most generous and kindest person I know. Every aspect of her is amazing and I wish I could take her out on a date. A hopeless romantic 
 I am so proud of myself for actually studying today instead of looking up memes about procrastination. 
 The Gazelle team is literally a group of close friends who publish each other’s articles, share them on fb and reject any comment coming outside of their circle. Such a waste of resources. 
 I know that there are some EXTREMELY (and I say this with all sincerity) nice people on this campus that I’ve never seen mad, I’m actually so interested to see them get MAD. these people will smile and speak softly but I KNOW FOR A FACT that they will punch you in the fckn face if you ever crossed the line with them. Tag these sweet but lowkey tough individuals cause I wanna test my hypothesis if these people get tagged. 
 losing my NYU ID has become a genuine fear of mine because apparently global leaders don't know how to locate someone's netID from the back and email them. instead tHeY pOsT iT oN rOr. 
 if you see me grabbing two caprisuns in the dining hall mind your business 
 Hilina is the sweetest ethiopan on campus. She makes my abyssinian dreams come true. 
 Usman and Shreya’s performance at the Attitude Recital was Amazing! 
 grace’s attitude dance actually made me tear up she was so beautiful. i have no words, just wow. 
 Can any guy volunteer to kiss me or make out with me, I really don’t want to go back to my home country without having had my first kiss. (Desperate freshman) 
 
 Kacper you’re one of the most sweetest people I know on campus!! I’m sorry if it came off like I didn’t want to say hi to you today. My head was somewhere else and I genuinely did not see you until you said hi. Thank you for putting smiles on everyone’s faces <3 
 From Admin: If interested in taking charge of this page. I'm done with it or else you guys can create a new one. APPLY TO BE NYUAD CRUSHES & COMPLIMENTS MODERATOR Have you ever wanted to remove an NYUAD C&C post? Have you ever thought that our C&C strategy could be improved? Can you see yourself becoming responsible for pages used by the student body? If accepted, you will be in charge of this page. Yours to keep!!! Apply here before 11:59pm on December, 15: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1uGxq3V_4t57r38TPzYelEgwLFICRRpz8xzrMC7wgAU0/edit DOCS.GOOGLE.COM NYUAD C&C Moderator Application
 Freshman Alex from Taiwan, why do you always sound so good? Can I take your vocal lesson? -sophomore girl 
 Let's see the student body's opinion on the printing cap. Should there be a printing cap? Heart = YES Like = NO 
 Overheard in D2 A: what's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of a crush? B: asked her out 
 Here’s a question to the smart asses drafting the printing cap proposal: If the majority of the student population prints less than 500 pages, then why even enforce a printing cap? That’ll only adversely affect the few “outliers” who most probably print out their readings because they might have too many or because it hurts their eyes if/when they stare at a screen for too long. Honestly, this idea is blatantly ridiculous, inconsiderate and useless (because hey like you said, only a “few” outliers will be affected). Here’s an alternate solution: Put a printing cap of 500 pages. But, if you return the pages that you printed to some sort of recycling point on campus, then you get those number of pages back. It would discourage people from excessively printing, but would also allow for them to print in a sustainable way that doesn’t affect their education, which is as important as the environment. 
 A girl I have a crush on asked me for help with her coding project during dead week. I said I'd be glad to, only trouble was...I didn't know the language it was supposed to be written in (though it had a lot of similarities to ones I'd worked with). So I spent the entire evening before the study session learning the language. And guess what? I managed to help her fix the problems in her code and turn the project in early. So now, even if I don't get laid, I've added another language to my arsenal. I see this as an absolute win. 
 Dalia, You're such a beautiful human being inside and out. I wish you would see how positively you affect people around you! 
 Seniors, every year around this time of year and the start of spring, loads of people get super stressed because they haven't got post-grad plans laid out, and they get asked about it 15 times a day. Yes, grad schools and some areas like finance, consulting etc will already be giving job offers, but most places looking to recruit don't do so long in advance, so will only actually start posting positions late on in the spring or even in the summer. Similarly, there's a lot of randomness in the searching process, and so many brilliant people from the class above you got rejected from tons of 
 Can we please not have printing caps. As someone who has to do a lot of reading, it literally hurts my eyes so much when I try to do it on a screen. I get the whole environment debate, but isn’t there a way where we can increase the amount of paper that gets recycled. That way, both the students and the environment will be happy. Like sure, save the planet guys but don’t come up with policy measures that significantly inconvenience large parts of the student body when there are good alternatives available. If you want to put a cap on something, why not to do it for the plastic bottles in D2 already? Why not ask Global Ed to change the rule of flying you back home after J-term if the gap is more than 3 days to save on CO2 emissions per head? Why not advertise cloth bags for Convenience store? Why not educate people about water use? Why not ask places on campus to not sell plastic cutlery? please, for the love of god, let me print my readings. 
 I have always wondered when you sit in a large lecture hall, how many girls are bleeding from their periods because all girls look normal and not in pain and when you walk around our campus or library surely at least one girl you see today was on her period so she was in pain but every freaking girl I see including the hottest all look so normal and not in pain. Or take the girls that i see everyday on my floor and classes, surely once in having known and seen them they are on their period but not once have they looked abnormal like they are bleeding or in pain and cramps. How do girls hide it so well on campus or are periods over rated? 
 i wish i could be a whore, but men here just aren't attractive on the scale i want to conduct whoredom on. 
 I love how Freshmen be acting all grown when they see the new Candidate Weekend Candidates like they weren't shitting their pants about getting in literally months ago. 
 I heard printing caps are coming! I’m so excited that we are doing something to curb our wasteful habits on campus #mindbomb 
 Fellas, it's okay not to be okay! I hope you know that 
 My girlfriend identified as bi for 2+ years until she came out as asexual a few months ago. I'm a straight guy, and I think sexual activity is important not only on a physical but also on an emotional level, especially in a long relationship (also it just feels really fucking good). She told me that she's still very sexually attracted to me (and we've been having sex even more if anything), but she doesn't feel sexually attracted to anyone else, guy or girl, which is valid given the spectrum of asexuality. She's going abroad next semester. Because she knows how much I like/value sex and since we can only rarely meet up, she proposed an open relationship, but since she's asexual, I'd be the only one fucking around with other people. I said no of course, but the fact that she even considered the option let alone ask me shows how strong, mature, and amazing my girl is. I fucking love her. 
 Sofija Jancheska is it too late to ask you out? 
 How the fuck did A2C get such a good rep? Everything about it sucks! Its the fucking worse building on campus!! (after A1B) We’ve got no vending machine, no printing room for residents (just RAs), 4 out of 7 functional washing machines, automatic front doors that open whenever they feel like it, and to top it off, we NEED to SWIPE our cards to open the MOTHERFUCKING LOUNGE. Why the FUCK do I need to swipe AGAIN if I’m already inside the building? Like I know this is super petty but its like they made the building purposefully annoying. At least I don’t live in A1B tho. 
 I'm really struggling to get through this semester, emotionally and academically and socially, all of it... I have had a lot of group projects this year and I honestly wished that my group mates could understand how much I struggle with getting the work done, not because I can't, but because of how shitty I feel. Personal struggles should not justify work that jeopardizes the group's grades, i understand, but if you can please try to be mindful of what someone could be going through or struggling with 
 Thank you handshake for this helpful insight 
 Tatiana Houhou is the prettiest girl in the whole wide world. 
 I was about to fall in love but then found out they only use Apple products. 
 That moment when you pretend to look at your phone to avoid saying hi to someone. 
 is taking the stairs two steps at a time sexy enough? or should I up my game to three steps at a time? 
 Dear fellow comrades, regardless of your culture, gender, and sexual orientation: Let's be clear. No more playing games. If they ain't responding to your text within 24 hours, move on. If they never hit you up first, move on. If they only hit you up late at night, move on. If they don't make an effort on 
 Damn, even after millions of people complain about the noise in the library, some people just can’t shut up. Global leaders, get your shit together. 
 If you have a crush on someone or find them cute, work in a group with them. You’ll start disliking them more than D2 food. 
 can we please call double-single rooms literally anything other than 
 Going off of the confession about a dick pic, when I was studying abroad this happened. I very much liked the guy I was in class with but unlike previous op we were talking and he was sat near me. It was midterms season and I was extremely distressed so I had to wank a lot to release tension. That day I did it before classes. When I finished I was running late to the class so I stupidly forgot to close a few pornhub windows before exiting the dorm. I came to the class, apologized for being late like a good girl (hehe) and locked my eyes with the guy I liked. I opened my laptop having no idea there’s a MASSIVE picture of a guy banging a girl with a huge cock. It was only a minute later when I realized I still had it on. The guy looked at it and then at me. In addition to my immediate embarrassment he never spoke to me again! 
 Freshman confession, “midterm season” is absolutely bullshit. There is no season. I had my first round of midterms around the same time and I’ve just continued to have midterms and midterm level assignments nearly every week since. It’s fine, I expected college to be difficult, especially here at NYUAD. I’m not complaining about having to work, but stop fucking deluding yourselves by calling it midterm season. it’s midterm year you fuckers. 
 Okay, so here's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me at NYUAD: There was this one class where I always used to sit at the front row, and there was this guy who would always sit right behind me. One day in this class, I unlocked my electronic device to see if I had any new emails or whatever, and the first thing that pops up is this HUUUUUUUUUGE dick pic that I'd been rubbing my oyster to earlier that morning. I was too embarrassed to look back (although low-key laughing internally tbh) but I just KNOW that the guy behind me saw. I could literally feel his gaze on my back, and I can only imagine the effort it took him not to burst out laughing. I've barely ever spoken to this person, but I kinda feel like there's a special bond between us ever since, lmao. Oh, I almost forgot to mention: This was TWO YEARS ago, but it's so ridiculous and so epic at the same time that I remember it like it was yesterday. P.S.: To the guy from behind: If you remember this incident, feel free to shoot me a message and laugh at my stupidity openly. And sorry for the potential trauma I caused you, lol <3 
 Can the PSA not pick a white-passing groom or bride for the mock wedding next semester. We need melanin! Period! 
 Egyptians are so intimidating but I love them! These people know how to have fun and party!They're always sticking together, they're attractive, funny, and kind. I literally love all of them! 
 assigning work on national holidays should be illegal 
 Grace Bechdol is truly one of the most breathtaking girls on this campus. I know she plays piano AND dances and is so intelligent and warm and kind. I love her smile and laugh when she’s with her friends!! Grace, you’re amazing, please tell me you’re single! 
 I'm fluent in two languages and can understand everything that my roommates tell their parents in their own languages while I'm in the same room. It's too late in the semester to tell them and it would just be really awkward if they learned now so I try to leave the room when the conversations get too personal and try not to take what they say to heart because everybody gotta vent sometimes. They never asked what languages i know and i don't normally volunteer this information and they just kinda assumed what i know. It is kinda funny though because one of them told her parents a list of some of my bad habits and i stopped doing them all at once and she later called it divine intervention over the phone. 
 You might be her campus cat but I'm her global leader. We are not the same, mate. 
 why are people from the Pakistan Student Association asking around for people to vote for them? the final positions should not be affected by students that aren't members of the association 
 To the kid who takes Coca Cola cans from the freezer in D2 and leaves without paying, we've seen you and this is you last strike. An ADNH Member 
 You know how you put in every fucking piece of your existence to make your crush happy and they treat you like shit. That's basically been me this entire semester 
 Oh man that red velvet cake I stole today was soooo freaking good, totally made my day. A campus cat 
 Can we just take a moment to appreciate the staff of Library Cafe? I was feeling really down today, like really, really bad. I even went with sunglasses to the library at 9 just so that people wouldn't notice that I had been crying. But when I ordered an iced caramel macchiatto in the Library Cafe, the staff noticed and they all got together and added way more caramel drizzle than usual to my drink. It made me so 
 This fucking cat owes me 4 dirhams for the red velvet cake she ate 
 Shout out to all the individuals in the audience that give you confidence by nodding during your presentation. You are the real ones 
 I’m on track to graduate this spring with a degree in Political Science. I still don’t know what neoliberalism means and at this point I’m afraid to ask. 
 So far, I have never seen a fat or ugly Korean girl and now I understand why. They probably have to know how to look their best because Korean society pressures them constantly. This is genuinely sad, and I’m glad someone spoke out about it on the Gazelle. �And Michelle, you’re definitely beautiful enough for the rest of the world - your country doesn’t deserve you. Same goes for every Korean girl who is living under those stifling expectations 
 I have been vegan for a long time now but sometimes I will eat some of my roommates nonvegan food. There are like 4 of us and no one suspects it is me because they probably think 
 any chance we can solve the issue of cats being near D2? I know a lot of people find them cute, but it's a genuine botheration for a lot of people who are just trying to eat without constantly having to think about aggressive cats. 
 I am a senior, reasonably attractive American who is open to a Green Card marriage. Comment below to let me know if you're interested or tag a friend who you think would be interested. (Serious inquiries only pls) 
 This Pavle boy always crying on other people's crushes. Why you so sad? Don't you know you're fine too? 
 Vyara Hristova, you are the most adorable human being on this campus! 
 shoutout to programming board for making everything FROZEN! honestly, it was so much needed. after going out and watching the film, i feel so relieved. thank you, you guys are amazing! 
 Christopher Tagle is a cutie 
 PSA: Very important at this busy time in the semester to appreciate your friends and their boundaries. 
 I don’t get why people want to do away completely with posters on campus. Without them all the elevators remind me of hospitals or office buildings. It’s nice to see some colour around you and know that life on this small bubble on Saadiyat is buzzing. 
 To those who use the hand dryers in the public bathrooms, Please don't use them! I don't know if you already knew about this but hand dryers literally suck in fecal bacteria (a.k.a. poop germs) from the toilets and blow them out onto your freshly cleaned hands. This was news last year and I still can't believe the number of people still using those dirty dryers to undo their hand-washing. If there are paper towels available, use them! They are like the most sanitary way to dry your hands without the risk of germ contamination from those dryers. According to numerous research articles such as the Journal of Applied Microbiology and Harvard Health Publishing, paper towels were the most sanitary, with some articles saying how jet-air dryers were found to spread germs more than hot-air dryers, but both spread far more germs than regular paper towels. I understand that some people may think it will be more environmentally friendly to use those hand dryers, but there is research that states that paper towels and old hand dryers basically have the same environmental impact. I would not be saying this if our school was equipped with the latest hand dryers with HEPA (High Efficiency Particulate Air) filters and eco-friendly hand-dryers since they won't be spreading those germs and are better for the environment. But this is unfortunately not the case for our school. I have seen countless times when I hear the annoying whirs and the sharp noises from those hand dryers that pollute both the hands and sensitive eardrums. If there are no paper towels available, then make sure to dry your hands with tissues or napkins (there are many available at cafés and lounges or have them ready in your backpack). Don't use your clothes since they would already be contaminated and you would most likely be simply transferring the germs to your clothes by making them wet. But make sure to dry your hands since moisture on skin will attract germs. So the next time you use the public restroom, please please please don't use those dryers! One paper towel will be enough for you to be clean and green. Stay clean bears! TL;DR: Hand dryers contaminate your hands with poop germs so use paper towels instead! - health person 
 i just had a breakdown after spending the entire day in bed. i was just facetiming my mom when i just cant fake it anymore. i put on makeup, i dress cute, i make myself look perfect every day just to somehow trick myself into thinking that i am almost perfect too. balancing sleep, social life, grades, my on campus job, my major. i feel like shit. i think of myself so lowly while i have no reason to. i would spend 100s AED eating out and feel so guilty. my friend told me that someone was treating me so badly because they’re jealous of me. the first thing that popped into my mind was about what? how can someone possibly be jealous of me? what is there to like about me? i have five 4 unit classes including three hour long ones four times a week. i can only eat my packed lunch at a really weird time. so that’s 8-4pm gone. only two half hour breaks. then after class i go straight to work, that’s two more hours. then i’d go home. then attend a couple club meetings. then go to the gym every other day. then use whatever time i have left for school work. doing all that before 11pm so i can shower and go to sleep. this just cycles on and on. and at the end of every cycle i dread the next. at this point my tears wouldn’t stop. every inch of my body aches from my cold, my back condition, from my previous workout, from the people who had hurt me in the past and now, but mostly and especially from this breakdown. my mom started crying too. we both just set our phone down and wouldn’t stop crying. she started telling me how i should treat myself better and don’t be so hard on myself. how i shouldn’t worry about money and success. she started apologizing to me when the truth is i probably ruined her perfectly fine day by calling. but i’ve let myself down. i could be better. i know that. i’m being hard on myself because i know that despite i am doing a good job, i can do a better job. but it is burning me out. i don’t have enough energy. i’m just waiting for everything to be over. man it really sucks to have PMS because it actually makes you realize how awfully wrong your life is. -lonely girl 
 I feel so sad and disappointed that the friends that I supported for so long during their hard times straight up laughed and accused me of thinking too much or over exaggerating my own issues when I needed and reached to them for help. BITCH my issues are no less than yours and deserve to be listened to and if you don't get that I don't even know why we are friends. 
 this crush goes to freshman Kenza.too afraid to say it to your face but holy shit you are beautiful. 
 
 Honestly I never thought having a boyfriend would be this great. I grew up seeing my parents argue a lot and I’ve witnessed dad being both physically and verbally being abusive to my mom. I was always scared to be in a relationship and often told people around me that I would never get married until I met my boyfriend now. He was one of my closest friends from high school and when he asked me out, I thought I would give it a try but wasn’t still sure about my decision. When I moved to cal I was having a really hard time making new friends and adapting my life here in general and cried a lot. One day I was on the FaceTime with him (we’re doing long distance) and I started crying because I was just really stressed. He didn’t talk much and was just looking at me and then I somehow fell asleep, not completely though where I could still hear what he was saying. After awhile, he didn’t hang up but asked quietly if I was asleep. 10 minutes passed and he asked me again if I was sleep but in even more quietly. Then he said, “goodnight, I love you” and hung up the call. I know I might be overreacting but him and I have never said I love you to each other and we’re both each other’s first bf/gf so it was my first time hearing it. He probably doesn’t know that I heard it and I find it super cute how he said it while I was asleep. I felt like all my anxiety and stress from school was healed that moment. Ahhhhhh I love you so much 
 Please allow me to express my frustrations here: Why don’t we have a cap on the number of events each SIG can have throughout the semester? Over programming at this school is a huge issue. Why don’t we have a cap on the number of flyers/posters SIGs and other events in campus can put up? It’s seriously such a wast of paper and ink. Why don’t we have an extra ATM machine in the welcome center? It would save a lot of people time. Why are there like 12 workers at the convenience store and always only one guy actually working at the register? Why are the doors to the entrance at C2 automatic? At least one should be manual to save energy and people from breaking their arms/getting stuck in randomly closing doors. Why are people at GlobalEd so rude??? Why do the bathroom air fresheners smell like coriander??? 
 Every time I talk to the campus cats I feel like a witch. 
 Barbara Ciosk is one of the most beautiful human beings I have ever met in my entire life. Every time i see her from afar I cannot look away, I'm a little bit worried she thinks I'm stalking her. I'm really not, I'm just in awe of how someone could have such a beautiful, kind, and compassionate personality but also look like a golden goddess. 
 Major shoutout to all my single friends giving me the best relationship advice 
 There are so many amazing humans I have met during my years at NYUAD. At the same time, I have never met that many smart and diligent yet utterly emotionally unintelligent - almost “heartless” - people before. Scares me to think that some of my fellow classmates are likely become influential one day because they scare me in their lack of heart. Am I just naive and inexperienced? Should I expect any different from life in general...? 
 Hot take: Vegans and vegetarians are naive and drowning in their own privilege. I understand if you don't eat meat for religious reasons, but people who don't eat meat because they feel sad for animals lack a basic understanding of the food chain and natural selection. Humans eat meat for the same reason animals hunt other animals (we just do it more efficiently). To the second point, do you see any vegans in any of these third world countries? Is vegan food prohibitively expensive? The answer is yes to the second question. From what I have seen (obviously there is a flaw in this), every so-called 'vegan' person I know is either trying to lose weight without exercising or just a social justice warrior--I don't know what's worse. They've never been hungry--never starved almost to death. They've never had to grow up wondering when they're going to eat their next meal. My parents are immigrants in America. My Dad would talk about how he was so poor that he could only afford to eat one meal a day and meat was a luxury for only very special occasions. It is ridiculous that someone like these 'vegans' would get on their soapbox and lecture others on their lifestyles. That's what wrong with these liberal cucks who claim to know the 
OPINION: Who else just wants soft jazz/classical/elevator music in D2 and Marketplace? We’re not there to get lit and party, people, we’re there to digest that sweet lemon chicken and have DMC’s. The music should be ignorable.
 I need a certain amount of intellectual/philosophical conversations everyday to keep a healthy mental state. However, my friends are often either too busy or too tired to talk about free will or the irrational fear of death at dinner table. Would NOOK be a good resource to reach out to for this particular need? 
 Response to the valentines post: 
 Just an appreciation post for my roommate :) You took care of me when I fell sick even though we’d only known each other for barely two weeks at the time, bought me an amazing birthday gift, and was always there when I needed advice or someone to talk to. I thought living away from home the first time would be hard, but now I feel just as comfortable in our dorm as I did at home, so thank you for that 
 To the freshman Thais, you're laugh is gorgeous! Always makes me smile. It's nice to see people who can laugh like that. You remind me of happiness. I look forward to see more of your wonderful laughter in the future! 
 Why are there so damn many November birthdays? Like smh you guys are just Valentine's Day babies 
 This is my last semester. And I just want to tell all the freshman to take a good long hard look around you. Look at all your friends. Look at them good long hard. Half of them aren't coming around to hang with you by the time you graduate. The number of friends I have gained and also lost throughout my college career could fill the very pockets you freshmen are sneaking fruit out of dining halls. Next time you grab that banana, take a look at it. Take a good long hard look. That banana that you hold in your hand represents the only true friend you have after all. Yourself. 
 OMG for the first time my roommate is actually at his desk taking notes from his textbook instead of lying on his side reading fan fiction on his laptop. So proud of his progress. 
 Can we please take a minute to appreciate all the efforts of amazing people standing behind the Back to Her Future conference? Keep up the great work! 
 the black women on this campus are the best people. so much love to Waad & Tatyana for making AZIZA 
 Praggya Ayshwarya !!You are absolutely beautiful and please stay blessed!! Because you are the main reason I am here and the only reason !! I know seeing you makes my heart melt even though it is becoming hard to see you in this semester!! 
 Why the fuck did they fix the door at C2? It was the best thing that happened this semester.. 
 Very random and a really late post but to the girl that gave me a hug when she saw me crying in the D2 bathroom about a month ago - thank you, it was very appreciated, you are very 
 Why tf did i come to this uni if i cant register for any fucking course i want 
 Why buy a study clock when you can just open Albert and let it pop up the inactivity warning in exact 20 minute intervals? 
 roommate 1: “sorry I’m a little wild I had caffeine” roommate 2: “i had wine!” roommate 3: “I HAD VODKA!!” tag ur roommate 3 
 To that guy who helped the cleaner carry the heavy vacuum cleaner on the Highline near the D2 elevator, just thanks for being born. 
 Global leaders, hit us with your cute straight single guy friends! 
 Sameera, thank you so much for the article. You've captured a perfect snapshot of depression. You're amazing. 
 I've lived in AD for a long time before coming to NYU and I've seen 'extreme weather conditions' like these before. I just love seeing people lose their shirt over the storm. It's great. 
 
 
 I really don’t know how people can go on for more than month without washing their sheets. I do that shit once a week and get flak from my roommates for it. They all have acne and it definitely has something to do with their bacteria infested pillowcases. I genuinely feel sorry for my roommates’ overnight buddies. That 10 step skincare routine is useless boo, those pillows are causing your breakouts. 
 I hate NYUAD. I knew I was signing up for 4 years of spoiling but NYUAD crossed the line. Now I'm stuck here in the real world knowing there's a mini paradise on Saadiyat. Real life isn't half as interesting, fun, free, supportive, intellectually challenging, or lively as life at NYUAD was. BORING! Today I miss NYUAD an extra bit more :'( 
 Poke Bowl is great and all but I really wish this campus had bibimbap (and I’m not Korean) 
 Huge shoutout to everyone who made diwali so amazing!!! The tea was fantastic 
 Can't get an internship, handshake emails me saying I should drive for Zomato 
 
 Let's appreciate how talented Khushi is. You are a great dancer, never stop ! 
 @Thais Alvarenga I saw you today at D2 and just wanted to say that your scarf may be gold but you're the real jewel 
 Whenever I meet someone on campus and they see me they go like: “Where are you going dressed like that?”. I’m usually just going to class giving that as an answer. They go like: “You dress too nice just for class!”...I’m sorry you decided to wear your pjs to school today, Karen, but some people didn’t stop looking decent and taking care of what they wear just because they go to class and live in a small campus. If you decide to go to class in your pjs that’s on you, let me keep my fashion style without judging me! I don’t care about how you dress. Leave people alone!
 
 Petition for lucky charms at the convenience store 
 I feel you so hard Emma! I really do 
 Jesus christ why are the math and science departments here so goddam elitist. Is this an intellectual circlejerk of spewing big words and corollaries so you can inflate ur log(x) sized dick? Imma boutta make my fist isomorphic to ur face nerd boy tf. Im just trying to graduate, I don't need graders writing deprecating comments on my hw like im sorry I don't spend every waking minute of my life reading proofs. Seems like y'all keep on gatekeeping and wonder why they're no women+poc in math. 
 I am a sophomore and whenever I meet a new sophomore on campus they go like 
 Thought I shared this legendary picture again 
 
 How lucky am I to have the person I love tell me about all the other girls he wants to f 
 Appreciation post for Natasha Treunen! Thank you for being an actual ray of sunshine and lighting up our floor. You are the best RA out there and I wish I had you for every year till I graduate. Your kindness and wisdom made it so easy to know who I'll be looking up to since Marhaba. Hope to spend more time with you before you graduate 
 My girlfriend insists on referring to my penis with she/her/hers pronouns. I don't think my penis has a gender. But even if my penis did have a gender, I would like to refer to my penis with he/him/his pronouns. Obviously my penis won't tell my girlfriend and I which pronouns are preferred, so I've just been referring to my penis without pronouns at all. The whole situation makes me slightly uncomfortable. 
 do the security guards ever look through the cameras at me walking into the hedge or moping around in my pjs and think “damn how did she get accepted here” 
 how do you find wholesome friends on campus that would like to do something else than just drink and party? comment below how you got your wholesome friend 
 
 dear Fiona, I don't know what was more beautiful, your costume last night or your smile every morning in D2... would you consider having coffee with one of your admirers? 
 My confession wasn’t posted on the confessions group because I guess those admin are only concerned with fueling debate on China and spreading hate. I wrote a deeply personally cry for help because I know this community is supportive and confessions has been known to help people talk about how they feel anonymously. Let me try one more time: I’m an alum, only graduated about 5 months ago, but am deeply struggling outside of NYUAD. Im in a new city, where I barely know anyone. I’m working at a pretty good company in a profession I’m excited about, but am constantly feeling unable to make friends or relate with my (much older) colleagues at work. As a student I struggled with depression and anxiety and I see it coming back now but don’t know how to talk to my boss about it or if I even should. I’m sad I will never find a community as loving as NYUAD. I’m so lonely — someone pls help me. 
 For Halloween I was emotionally stable. No one knew it was me 
 “Abu Dhabi nightlife never fails to disappoint me” NYUAD student outside SBC 
 The biggest mood is missing your sister bye 
 Overheard at D2: I honestly think those “overheard at D2” posts are made up. How come the only things I hear at D2 are “lamb chop”, “salmon”, and “swipe and campus dirham”. 
 Just wanted to appreciate Professor O’rourke! It’s so great that the university is attracting great professors like him. He’s so passionate about his subject that it makes you want to listen to him even when you haven’t slept for 2 days. 
 Some people complain how their life sucks, but they never leave Saadiyat. Guys, we live in a city. Use that! 
 The kids at this school are so fucking weird. Like everyone at this school is a fucking freak and not in a cool kinky way. like they are just so weird. I’ve been just sitting back and noticing these past few weeks and I determined that everyone here is just a little bit off. Even the soccer team guys and art major kids who are supposed to be “cool” are ducking weird asf. It seems like everyone here just lacks the proper social skills and common sense. I just hate the people here so much. I hate talking to the kids in my class because I know they’re gonna just be weird. I miss all the dumbasses that went to my high school because at least they were normal human beings who know how to have a regular conversation. Just look around next time you’re sitting in moffitt. I promise every one of the kids there will be doing some weird shit. at the end of the day NYUAD is just bunch of nerds who are socializing for the first time in their pathetic lives and they just don’t know how to act. 
 Lol the average midterm grade for Saurabh's class is 39 whoops bye CS 
 I miss my mom. 
 I personally would never date a vegan/vegetarian. This isn't a hit on vegans, but I literally need to eat meat almost every meal and there's no way I'd be compatible with one. Now, I know I'm going to get a lot of hate, especially on the environment side, but you have to think about it this way. If I die early because of meat consumption, I'm no longer wasting resources, which is a huge environmental savings (for carnivores, why live the extra 30 beef-free years anyways, am I right?). Now, I can respect people who do have moral/religious reasons to not eat meat. But, I've always been told I always look super happy. The secret to all that happiness is meat. And before you all say that I'm making a uninformed decision, it doesn't matter because I am committed. Meat >> dating 
 Is it just me or is one of the main entrance doors of C2 being out of order and always open one of the the most convenient things to happen on this campus 
 I know she’s only gone for a week, but I miss seeing Dana in Student Life!! Come back!! We need you! 
 Anita is so beautiful omgggg. I'm too afraid to ask her out, not that I was planning to even. I just want her to see her smile again, and again, and again... 
 Dear Kpop, I'm so sorry it took me so long to get to know you. You are my other half. 
 The reason the A2C lift be so slow is cause I'm using it to drop by Prince's floor and listen to the Avengers theme on a daily basis 
 I feel like the lack of sleep is making me dumber. I am panic. 
 There's a freshman called ALADDIN? Wild. 
 To all the people who just get out of bed after that first alarm, you are psychotic. 
 I don't know why we do this. Someone who is exceptionally kind to us we treat like dirt. I had this guy who loved me with all my flaws. Took me as I am. I cheated on him well because, hormones and I was drunk and yet he still wanted me. He'd cross mountains for me and do much for me but he was so far away. He was so good to me. Loyal and faithful and kind and caring. But I messed up and I lost him. I kept pushing him thinking and taking advantage that he'll always be there. But now he's moved on, and it hurts that there's someone else receiving the love that he gave to me. And I'm here getting drunk on the weekends and hooking up with no one at the end of the day to text me how I am and lovingly annoy me anymore. So what I'm saying is be careful and don't take advantage of such people's. 
 Girl outside D2: 
 I wish someone had made this clear to us when we got here: NYUAD does not give you hundred thousands dollars scholarship just for you to kick back and relax. NYUAD is not just another university; it's different. I hope we all bring the best from ourselves to show that when AOs made a choice of accepting us, they made the right choice. If you feel like you don't fit in, maybe you don't really deserve the scholarship. I'm not saying you should drop out, and I know that MENTAL HEALTH issue is real and can be as severe as physical health issue. So my advice is: take some and reflect, maybe take a gap year as well, take your time and don't stress yourself out. If you still don't feel like doing anything too great, drop out and BE YOURSELF. This university is inevitably trying to make you not to be you, and it's a lose-lose situation both for you and for this uni if you stay here. I know a shit ton of people who can make good use of this scholarship and actually make a difference. You don't need to come to NYUAD to be mediocre; we come here to excel. Go falcons go! 
 Whenever I see my best friend's boyfriend all I can think of is, I will outlast you loser, she's mine. 
 Sometimes it's incredibly isolating being one of the few people from a certain country or region. Don't forget to support your special friends from special places (not that any place is not special). Beneath the teasing and tomfoolery there is an incredibly delicate and vulnerable identity that none of us will ever completely know. Respect it and care for it xxxx 
 Any Alumni or Seniors who felt overwhelmed by the standards of success that this university imposes on you and decided to do what felt right for their lives anyway? The person that this university is inevitably trying to make me is not me. I am not this competitive and I'm neither interested in doing anything too great. I just want to be happy and content with my life but everyone here is such an over achiever, I just don't fit. I am really struggling to accept that I can in fact be 
 Let the ruling classes tremble at a Communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. 
 
 Freshman John is such a sweetheart Never change 
 Elevator etiquette 101: Waiting for Elevators (because people in this uni really need it) 1. If you are waiting for an elevator, don't stand right in front of it, stand either to the right or left of the door. Doing this will allow people in the elevator to leave without the awkwardness of potentially bumping into you or stepping on your feet, which you deserve anyway. 2. If you're waiting for an elevator and it finally arrives, and you see people inside ... Wait until all the people who are leaving on that floor actually WALK OUT OF the elevator, THEN, once you see that no one else is getting off on that floor, proceed to walk into the elevator. 
 there’s a special place reserved in heaven for people who hold open doors that require keycard access <3 
 It's nice having two separate anonymous pages. This one is like Buzzfeed and the other is like Breitbart. 
 It's a shame to see there are only two species(human and campus cat) in this supposedly most diverse university in the world. Why don't we import some dragons from China? 
 Ayham is hands down the cutest and sweetest guy on campus 
 
 @ the girl in my lecture who v blatantly cheated off me during our quiz and then proceeded to play games on her phone for the rest of lecture... SUCKS TO SUCK BECAUSE I DON’T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON AND NOW WE BOTH FAILING BISH 
 To the people going to the bathrooms at the top floor of the library, when you try to open the door, to check if there is someone inside, you don't have to push with the might of a thousand burning suns, because you literally scared the shit out of me (had constipation tho so thanks) but seriously be a bit more gentle :) 
 Shout out to all the supportive friends here on campus that make our days better and brighten our lives just by being their amazing selves. @them. 
 WHY THE FUCK IS THERE ONLY HALF A CASHIER AT THE CONVENIENCE STORE WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!?!? 
 I just want to know why I keep attracting freshmans/sophomores PLEASE STOP YOU ARE MY SONS. Seriously though, please don’t make us seniors uncomfortable by asking us out. We’re definitely not interested in screwing ourselves over for questionable ****. Oh, and any type of age gap is creepy while in college. Looking @ the senior guys “dating” freshman girls. They literally just came out of highschool, please leave the fetuses alone. 
 I want to take this moment to appreciate the Black Women on campus. I see your melanin popping in this desert Sun and I just want to say I see and appreciate all y'all. Keep slayin. (All the women on campus slay, but let's take a special moment to appreciate the sistas) 
 There are so many monopolies here that I'd like to destroy. Let's start with ADNH. Then Nirvana, Bluemart, and that fucking Studio XY with their exorbitant haircut fees. 
 As much as we hate on the kids who don’t shower, can we all appreciate how good the Emiratis smell? Idk what they do every day, but keep it up! 
 NYUAD is not a school, it's a research institute. The school part is just a side hustle. 
 so I'm currently in a math class and we talk a lot about sets and the prof uses “X” to denote sets and uses “S” to denote subsets and whenever she writes “S is a subset of X” using the actual mathematical symbol for “is a subset of” it looks uncomfortably similar to “S e X” and not gonna lie it turns me on a bit cuz as a math major that’s pretty much all the action i can get 
 
 
 Sophomore Toby is a real champ. You really make my day and just knowing you are on campus is a real relief. You are amazing. Please never change. 
 Fact. The ladies of REACH both past and present are some of the best people on campus. The gents are cool too. 
 
 i’m a freshman and honestly i just want to say that i really miss being hugged/hugging people. my friends at home were super huggy people and so i would get at least five hugs a day but now that i’m here i only get one per week at the most. why don’t people here like hugs as much? am i just talking to the wrong people? 
 Me reading the comments on the wild Crushes posts recently 
 winnie can I just say how lucky i am to have you in my life i will treasure you for as long as possible i love you so much you are my everything 
 When I see Alexis Mountcastle I want a brain transplant, because my brain stops working. Someone please change my mind 
 What stood out to me the most here at NYUAD is how similar in appearance and culture Latinos and Arabs are. Although I’m over 20 hours away from home, with this similarity and insane Arab hospitality, I feel at home here and it’s amazing. 
 Guys, can we just spare a moment appreciating the fact that photons have momentum? It's sooooo coooool 
 purple tassel reacts only 
 so heartwarming to see students from 100+ countries, regardless of gender or race or religion etc, gathering for the common goal of shitting on arugula. 
 Does the library really have to be this cold? or is it just me 
 Some guy I met at a party last night during the fall break sent me a Google calendar invite to hang out 
 
 
 It gets like this erytime the essay is due 
 To be honest, people here are honestly beautiful, hot, cute AND intelligent. Maybe my standards are low since I'm just a freshman, but this place makes me realize how much I need to work on my own health and beauty (inside and out) and I'm grateful for it. 
 Sarah al-yahya, your smile is from another world 
 I've been around Fiona these past couple of days and she's super cute and I wanna get to know her better! Is she single? Can anyone help a poor guy out? 
 Response to #3259. I don’t understand why you had to point out women specifically, it’s not like the men at NYUAD are the epiphany of style. Also most of us dress for ourselves so I’m horribly sorry if we do not meet your obviously superior standards :)) 
 Shout out to the NYUAD class of 2014 couple's baby that was on campus this weekend! NYUAD is producing graduates AND little humans now. 
 Tbh I've never so many poorly dressed women in one place!! Never thought it was possible. Bruh it be looking like we're in middle school or something. It's an eyesore. Shout out to the girls who stay poppin though. You're the real ones! 
 All my friends travelled for fall break and I’m staying on campus alone. I feel so lonely i dont know where to go or what to do. Any suggestions for activities for lonely people? 
 Every now and again I think of asking Ana out but then I remember that I'm studying away next semester while she's graduating, she almost definitely doesn't fancy me and she's way out of my league anyway. It's sad but at least she made things seem brighter for a while. I'll miss you Ana - you're so talented, charismatic and beautiful and I hope you know that. 
 Let's put aside our anger with one another and remember what really unites us on this campus. Our hatred of all governments 
 Third fuckin time I make this post bc I’m desperate but PLEAAAASE CAN WE HAVE A CURLY HAIR SIG???? Curlies are damn fine and we need to appreciate them more. 
 
 People need to understand that just as we are able to openly, freely, and frequently criticize the United States and Western Civilization for its many flaws both past and present, we should also openly, freely, and frequently criticize China for its ongoing crackdown on human rights and its sick, demented treatment of the muslim minority, its evil authoritarianism, its reckless and exploitative industrial laws, and much much more. I am sick of casting any criticism of China as ‘western propaganda’. 
 I think Martin Stewart is a very nice person. I sorta don't know anything about him but I share some classes with him. He seems to be a hard-working and caring person. I hope I can get to know him better during my time here :) 
 Thank you for everyone who smiles even if we don't know each other. There were many days were I didn't feel very well but a smile from a stranger really helped. Don't underestimate the power of smiles! 
 Calling a guy “bro” when you know deep down in your heart that he’s crushing on you is pure witchcraft. 
 It is extremely annoying when the line in the convenience store is 50 people long and only 1 cashier is open while the other workers are chit chatting or just sitting around. I've been late to class dozens of times and most of the time when I see a long line I don't even bother entering the store. Is there anyway we can fix this? 
 I have a crush on everybody at this school who knows how to shower and use deodorant. Congratulations on mastering the most basic form of hygiene! Our noses thank you for public deed 
 
 Whispering in places where talking should be to a minimum (2nd floor library/reading room) is way more fucking annoying than just talking normally. Especially when people don't know how to whisper and it creates the same level of noise that talking does (just more irritating). If you're gonna be a dickhead at least let us in on the convo. 
 Love me some global leaders who are concerned about their carbon footprint yet travel to all sorts of destinations each time they can. *definitely not referring to fall break you fucking hypocrites 
 Y’all actually be having sex out here on a Sunday night before midterms week? I seriously wish I had the time you guys have. Wanna cum do my homework for me? 
 I wish people at this school wouldn't put each other down all the time. You're Engineering? Probably because you couldn't declare CS. Pre-med? Ha! Same for SRPP and Econ, God forbid you're a liberal arts major... I've seen so many Art majors sneer at other students' work. How can you guys treat your peers like this? Getting into NYUAD is hard, and we all know that succeeding here can be even harder. In light of this, why can't we be kinder to our own? I think a big part of the reason NYUAD gets fewer applicants than NYUNY is because the undergrads here live in a dog-eat-dog world. In the long run, being so openly cruel to your peers is tarnishing the reputation of our university. To everyone reading: I hope you were able to declare the major you wanted, and even if you weren't, I'm so glad you tried and that effort is probably going to serve you well in life. There are many paths to success, and you have the backing of an amazing institution behind you no matter what. The hierarchies you feel so strongly on campus are unknown to the world outside. Good luck out there, and GO Crushes & Compliments page! 
 men aint shit. never been shit. will never be shit. on that note, looking for someone to marry so i can drop out. xoxo 
 
 
 Can we just appreciate how awesome Sarah Afaneh is as a FYD facilitator ???? She makes my freshman year amazing so far just by taking us to nice restaurants and being so easy to talk 
 I write for The Gazelle and only just realized that the name is a pun on Gazette. Oh my god I love this school. 
 Omfg I am in love with Ali Shazal. You are so gorgeous, your voice just melts me and that smile ughhh! I know there's no way I have a shot in the world but I really wanted to let you know how awesome you are and to continue being you! 
 I work at the campus library and holy fuck y'all PUSH IN YOUR GODDAMN SEATS WHEN YOU LEAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FR 90% of my job is cleaning up after you self-absorbed fuckers, tucking in your chairs and throwing away your trash. Are you all kindergartners??? Were you raised by wolves? Do you think Mommy's gonna come clean up your messes for you??? You're fucking adults, clean up after yourselves. It's literally the easiest thing in the world to do!!! It takes 5 seconds!!! Maybe your tuition wouldn't be so high if the Sheikh didn't have to pay your fellow students to play maid in your public study spaces!!! The fuck?!?!? Grow up and pull your entitled heads out of your asses. (PS this goes at LEAST double or triple for dining halls you animals). 
 I signed up for the assassination game to actually get killed because I really want to die. I didn't know it was just a childish game where people mark each other with markers (Not even permanent markers) 
 to the pianist and violinist who have been playing together in the arts center late at night, you guys sound beautiful. You make my long nights in the arts center much better. I would pay real money to see you live. Keep working. Let me know if you get any music recorded <3 <3 <3 
 
 I feel like the majority of the GIRLS on this campus are so childish and genuinely believe that they are THE THING. Where are the real WOMEN that got their shit together and know what they want? 
 Consulting employee: I don't know what your school does to you guys but all my coworkers who went to NYUAD are demons 
 While I might look angry most of the time, it's mostly because I'm more anxious than anything else. I'm always open to talking with new people, no matter how awkward I may seem 
 I feel like the majority of the boys on this campus are so childish and genuinely believe that they are THE THING. Where are the real men that got their shit together and know what they want? 
 Majid the engineer, I see you everywhere and I want you to know you that you bring happiness to soo many people. Nicest guy I met in a long time, thank you and please don't change 
 If you don’t rack your weights at the gym you will contribute nothing to society. 
 
 I just want to express how much I appreciate my roommate and that I feel like the luckiest person in the world because of her. This week has been pretty stressful, and I was barely in the room. My roommate checks on me every day, cleaned the room, even did my laundry. Now I am sitting on my bed in a clean room, looking at my fresh laundry. I must have done something special to have her as my roommate! Thank you roomie! 
 Say 'Multi-Factor Authentication' again. Say 'Multi-Factor Authentication' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say Multi-Factor Authentication one more goddamn time! 
 To anyone who needs this now: You are not coming from the wrong background!!!! Just because the people who speak up in class often seem to know more and have a lot of background knowledge, and vocabulary doesn't mean you are the only one struggling. Even if you are, that only means you are doing the right things - pursuing the path that you haven't taken yet. Please take care, have patience and keep learning! 
 I couldn't believe my crush asked me out before I set up my mind to. Turned out she was assisting her bf to assassinate me. I made this up but if this really happened it would be so funny and sad. 
 
 
 ur crush is having sex with someone while ur sending them music recommendations they will never listen to 
 today I passed by a person sitting at the bottom of the stairway crying, so I went to go check up on them just in case and when I asked if everything was okay, they just started welting up and talking about how hard their classes were and their physics problem sets. it's only few weeks, why is this place so devastating???? I don't remember your name but I really do hope you find your balance. I wish I could have said more to you but I really didn't know what else to say in the moment and I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable that a stranger was asking you about your problems, but I completely know what you mean. I'm writing this so hopefully by the time you see this it'll feel a little better looking back and seeing that you got through it. I didn't want to share it in the moment because I'm still kinda insecure about it but I was in the same position you were, and I always wished that someone would come up to me and ask me if everything was okay. this is my first semester back at NYUAD after withdrawing to take care of my mental health and i can tell you from experience that this place just makes you feel like you're never enough. but it's not true. we go out into the real world and everyone is SO impressed that were even here. that were studying to be productive citizens. that were in one of the BEST schools in the world. no one ever talks about how much this place fucks with your mental health and confidence. and it's a huge problem that I KNOW a lot of students suffer with because if you just look up once in a while and look at people's faces, everyone is just on autopilot. they're trying to get through the day and get home. that's it 
 
 Some seniors are highly ineffective and overrated; I hope they end up in PwC 
 This is my post: Does anyone know if Sofia Jancheska is free this upcoming Friday? I would love to take her out to dinner and experience her funny, kind and charming personality firsthand. From a witty sophomore 
 To that girl at CDC, and asking people to write down their names for some event thing, and only offered a RED pen to do so. I sincerely asked if you had another pen/color, and explained that in my culture [Chinese] it is extremely bad to write someone’s name in red because that means you are wishing death upon them. And the response I got was one of annoyance and disbelief, “well I don’t have one, so you don’t need to do anything”. You said it in front of other people, I got embarrassed, and proceeded to write my name. But this moment stuck in my head. Your cultural ignorance and purposely shunning another cultures beliefs upsets me. However, I’m mostly upset at myself for not confronting your discrimination towards another groups cultural practices. I will strive to never be embarrassed by my own culture in a place that should be accepting of everyone. Even though it may seem “weird” to you, respect it. 
 I ordered kfc and selected pay by cash since there was something wrong with my credit card. So the guy came, gave me the meal and tried to leave. I was thinking for a second or two and then I was like Hey I think I didn't pay. And then he turned back checked his phone and said oh it's cash payment. So he received my money and left. I suddenly started to feel bad for that guy cos he could have lost a 40+ dirhams for not remembering to charge me, like you know, he did his job but lost money instead of earn it. And where I'm from, delivery guys don't earn a lot and usually work hard in bad conditions so I guess ir's probably the same case here. I mean, I eventually gave him the money and probably should feel happy for both of us, but I just kinda can't help feeling a bit sad. 
 Looking for a hot CS upperclassman to help me pass the semester 
 C2 is trying to tell me something. 
 
 I was just diagnosed with a pretty severe chronic illness and I'm afraid to tell anyone about it. I know it's starting to affect my ability to keep up with the pace at NYUAD. What happens if I go into a flare up? Maybe I should take a medical leave but what if I don't feel healthy enough to come back? I don't want to tell anyone cause I dont want people to worry. I also don't want to have to lower my ambition for the future and would rather pretend it isn't happening. But I also wish I had someone to really talk about it with. 
 starting the year off strong: i got backstabbed by close friends i made in my freshman year, my 
 
 
 Why is Mia Khalifa walking around campus??? 
 
 I've been single for so long the only breasts I've been touching are at KFC. 
 Once couples break up, they end up in a prisoner's dilemma. If they both shut up, everyone will think that they are mature. If one talks shit behind another one's back, people will blame the other guy for destroying the relationship; so a better thing to do is always talk shit behind your ex's back. 
 i just got out of a toxic relationship and bitch, i’m gonna life my best life. him breaking up with me was the best fucking thing he could ever do for me. no more crying for days at a time, no more gaslighting, no more walking on eggshells, no more low self-esteem, no more condescending comments, no more sacrificing who i am as a person for an asshole that only loves himself. i’m gonna get my revenge by being the boss ass bitch i am and watching you spiral because sir, you are a disaster. i hope karma gets you. it is the year of the lord twenty fucking nineteen and bitch i’m living for me and only me. 
 Recommendations for some good places to cry on campus? I really need a place to let it all out but my roommates are always home 
 I’ve never really been a video game person aside from fifa. But recently I’ve been feeling pretty distant from my 10 year old little brother. It was his birthday recently so I bought him Minecraft. He was super excited and he said he wanted to play with me so I ended up buying it for myself so we could play together. I don’t really know anything about it but I guess I’ll learn now haha. I feel sorta embarrassed by this and will most likely not tell anyone about it. But I’m happy I’ll get to spend more virtual time with him soon :). 
 
 Every time I stumble upon a Greatest Showman song it reminds me of my Marhaba (I'm a Sophomore if it isn't obvious). I reminisce about the scary, new, exciting , over all life changing experience of becoming an NYUAD student. Those songs mean so much more to me than the movie or even just Marhaba Week, they are a reminder of the fact that I am a part of an incredible community and a story much bigger than myself. Just wanted to take a second and appreciate the Marhaba Committee that made this happen. You guys are amazing!!! <3 <3 
 my biggest fear is that someone will marry me for my passports 
 
 As someone who is not good at taking hints; guys (and girls), if you like someone, please tell them. Or at least be more explicit. Sending mixed signals doesn’t help. If I’ve started developing feelings towards you, your mixed signals will just be painful because I don’t know if you like me too or not. 
 I hate when freshmen engineering students call themselves engineers. You don't see pre-me students calling themselves doctors, or art majors calling themselves pizza delivery drivers. 
 Unpopular opinion but ice is so stupid. Why do people HAVE A MIGHTY NEED for ice!? Like. It takes up space in your drink, so you get less for what you pay for. Then! The ice melts so whatever IS there becomes watered down. Also, the sodas from soda towers has always come out cold in my 23 years of experience, so no need for ice!!! When someone asks me for a cup full of ice I just silently think they’re dumb.... Share your thoughts with me 
 
 You were talking and laughing with me, just like we always do, when after a bit of a silence, all of a sudden you started slowly - 
 During foreplay, my girlfriend makes turtle sex noises. If you don't know what that sounds like, search it up real quick. I know she's just doing it for the memes but I'm scared that it won't be that way for much longer. She really enjoys making the turtle sex noises and all I can do is watch as she slowly starts making the noises unironically and reaches the point of no return. On the bright side, at least it's not the Minecraft villager noise. 
 If a professor has to “shush” a class, that’s just embarrassing. It’s not that hard to show a little bit of respect and quietly pay attention to the lecture. I don’t care if you aren’t taking notes, just let those of us who want to succeed focus. I couldn’t even hear the professor at some points and it’s just annoying. All I want is to listen to the Lecture and take my notes. 
 Martin has the most beautiful, heart warming smile in the entire world. 
 Furqan is hands down one of the most gorgeous girls on this campus! 
 A) Your faculty members read this page. B) When it's only the 3rd day of class and you email concerned that there's no homework, I really want to say 
 I am entering my sophomore year and honestly, it's unbelievable how much I learned to feel comfortable within this community and how much I learned to appreciate it. I just wanted to thank all the people around me for making this place so alive and vibrant and full of absolutely crazy stories. And also I wanted to encourage freshmen who are now struggling with adjustment by saying that my freshman year was pretty rough, but it all gets so much better. So hang in there. Luv u NYUAD <3 
 Seeing Odmaa's smile just absolutely makes my day <3 hope she knows that she's appreciated on this campus 
 If a guy or a girl is asking you to hang out and have lunch or dinner that doesn’t necessarily mean they’re asking you out. Stop over-complicating everything. Sometimes people just want to make friends and meet new people. 
 No one Absolutely no one: NYUAD student: kfc anyone? 
 Julia Tymoshenko, we never spoke but you are so beautiful Every time I’m around you my heart is racing -a shy freshman 
 I have a lot of friends on campus, yet I feel out of place. Recently, it was my birthday and I celebrated it with my close friends whom I would do anything for. I love them and they have supported me through most of my crisis'. They are people I would never turn a blind eye for. I had a solid friend group last year and I was happy for a while. However, I do feel that this is not reciprocated. One of my closest friends and I grew apart, partially my fault, I hold a lot of resentment for it. It doesn't help that things have gone worse for me this year, my friends go out to party without me, go off-campus without mentioning me and at times I find out from other people. It takes time for me to open up to people which doesn't make it easy for me to establish close friendships. I'm not on anyones line to go out or hang and I often initiate things with others. Only 1-2 of my close friends come over to my suite for me, most of the time its for my other (the best) suite-mates. I've begun to feel paranoid about myself as I feel that I don't have the qualities that make me interesting to be friends with. I've rarely been so insecure about myself. I miss my high school friends, my day ones. 
 I like how they never asked for our consent for the mandatory consent zone training 
 
 I want the dining update guy to fry me as hard as he fried his chicken at the cooking competition! 
 NYUAD students be like 
 I wish my friends would understand that sometimes I don’t want to drink or smoke. They shame me so much about not wanting to when we’re all together but sometimes I just don’t want to. And I want them to understand. Instead they complain about me or say I’m no fun and make fun of me in front of everyone . Which makes me feel like shit. It’s my choice and if I don’t want to, I think I shouldn’t have to. It’s either do something I don’t want to do or don’t do it and get shamed for it... 
 Toby Tinson and his girlfriend look so freaking cute 
 I wish there was a group or something, or it was normal to just message on your friend group if you want to cuddle with someone. Nothing sexual, just spending time together to comfort each other. 
 I’m so grateful that I have a lot of friends I love, but everyone, including me, is always so busy. Sometimes I get really lonely and just want to spend time with them or just want a hug but I don’t want to always be the one to approach people. I wish people here would make more of an effort to spend time together. I know we’re all busy and ambitious, but these years will pass by So fast.. please don’t let FOS or whatever get in the way of deep connections with the amazing people on this campus :( 
 I need Job. Plis. I NEED JAB. PLIS HIRE ME 
 Really appreciate Waseem. Literally upgrading the NYUAD campus population one haircut at a time. 
 Petition to make this page private so our deepest darkest secrets aren’t out there to the public (also don’t want my parents to see all this when they google nyuad) Love = Make it private Like = Do not make it private Poll ends on Thursday 
 Are you okay with 
 “forcing stem majors to read should be illegal” - an illiterate freshman 
 Person 1: I don't have ~the~ computer science brain Person 2: No don't say that, It's like they say in Ratatouille, 
 As a freshman, real AD made me fell in love with this place and the people here just once more. And who’s that percussionist? He really stole all my attention. 
 Am I wrong to say that the freshman class is considerably more attractive than past years? Or am I just a creepy senior? 
 Jealous of all the cute couples on campus... you make me want to smile and puke at the same time 
 I need Hunter to do a death drop for me at least once a day, it changed my life in RealAD 
 To Hunter, Jake, Maitha, Savion, Usman, Pablo, Kevin, Asel, Ana, Tatyana, Suzan, Enid, Emma, and all the staff and faculty: Love you guys so much, you were amazing. You made my day. You were all powerful and wonderful. Thank you for spending your whole summer preparing for this show. It is unbelievable how much work and energy you have had to put into it. Thank you again for this heartly welcome. 
 September 20, we storm d2 at midnight and change d2 music permanently 
 There is sex without love. There is love without sex. And then there’s you, without both. 
 wanted to spread some positivity by saying that I am so thankful for the chance to study here. waking up each morning with purpose is the best thing I could have wished for. 
 Sometimes it feels like there is no world outside this campus. But we are nothing more than a tiny community; not even 0.000001% of the world knows about the existence of NYUAD that feels like world to us. The experiences we have here are extraordinary and shape us as human beings. Sometimes we might not necessarily be nice to each other but at the end of the day we share so many memories together. That is what ‘we are not strangers’ has meant to me for the past three years. As much as we might not get along or seem unfriendly, there is more that connects us than separates from each other. Have a beautiful week. Your senior fantasy 
 where the rich kids of nyuad? 
 TELL ME REAL AD IS ON SPOTIFY 
 I just want to appreciate the RealAD cast, and everyone who was behind the preparation. It was amaaaaaaaaaazing! High five to all the actors, and the band and the team that put this great show together, you are amazing!Also..Is the Asian guy who rapped single? 
 I am sick and tired of being sick and tired of fake people on campus 
 Is there any instrument Savion from RealAD does not play? Can anyone tell me if hes single???? 
 Tatyana, You absolutely killed RealAD! Your yellow outfit was super adorable! Your voice, WOW! Such a talented QUEEN! 
 I can't be the only one noticing all these freshmen Emirati girls with creative eye makeup! It's like each day it's a new color or graphic eyeliner style and I'm always in aw of them and waiting to see what they do the next day- stay beautiful and creative girls!!! You always have me admiring your skills from afar 
 Just a friendly reminder that you don’t need people in your life who don’t make you feel welcome. They may have been a great friend in the past, but if they don’t help you out in your most difficult times, it’s time to move past them. 
 there was a post on confessions about the marhaba team not saying hi to them anymore and i'd just like to say that it's been 3 weeks after marhaba and i still smile and say hi to the marhaba team and they do the same, it's impossible to expect them to remember everybody and i really appreciate them taking so much time out of their summers to help us begin this journey. also, we all have that 5 second dilemma where we decide if we should go up to say hi to someone but then it's too late and you regret it for the rest of the day so please if you wanna be friends with someone just go say hi!! sidenote: as someone with horrible eyesight who can't recognise anyone without my glasses/contacts, i give the benefit of the doubt to everyone else too #assumegoodwill amirite 
 Imagine if you could wake up every morning from Kevin's (from Real AD) high sweet melodious voice. What a lucky girlfriend she would be!! 
 Haewon, you are the prettiest woman I have ever seen, xoxo 
 I just saw Mani fam and legit I feel like happiness and sunshine is back on this campus! 
 I would like to publicly appreciate the ResEd. I think that the experience we get from trying to hide 20 people in a bathroom when an RA busts a party truly helps us to become global leaders. 
 I heard that Engineers are dropping their majors to major in Computer Science. Don't do it, I am into Engineers! 
 I just wish people dressed more appropriately on campus. I wish people took into consideration the culture of the country they are living in while choosing their outfits, and the way they present themselves. Yes, I understand it's an international community and there are many different backgrounds. But I'm sure you wouldn't hurt yourself if you properly covered your upper body (I hope this is understandable to girls). Simply, respect. 
 Seriously what the fuck, I did not sign up here to have all the decently groomed guys with abs who don't smell like dick cheese just for them to be gay. Girls on campus put in so much more effort into looking presentable. I'm genuinely disgusted when I see non-lesbian couples together because clearly one person is getting the better deal. DEODERANT AND GROOMING IS THE BARE MINIMUM. I'm sick of waiting for study abroad to be able to hook up with New York students, it's just too much. Stop being ugly and do better. 
 I know they can't do much about this, but it still sucks 
 my CV be like 
 The fact that we didn't have an ambulance incident so far proves that the freshmen are the mildest class so far... 
 laura karpauskaite - you are a gem! reflecting on how beautiful spending time with you was- you are such a kind, considerate person. 
 I'm connected with all my ex boyfriends from my time in college on LinkedIn. If they ain't gonna provide me with food and love anymore, then they're gonna provide me with connections to the business world. Also every single one of them dumped me but who's really winning the breakup? Watch out boys, steal and break my heart, I steal and break your job. 
 I met you during Marhaba. I didn’t think I could have such a close relationship with someone, especially as an awkward freshman. Oh, how wrong I was. Before I knew it, we were practically inseparable. You were a great workout buddy. I sang the same songs you did. You were with me between classes. I helped you come out of your shell. I could listen to you for hours on end. I charged you up when you were low. That night was my fault. I should have paid more attention to you. I should have made sure you were okay. I shouldn’t have left you there, even if I said I would be back. I didn’t know that would be the last time. I spent the whole weekend trying to contact you, looking all over campus. I had hoped, against my rationale, that fate would have us cross paths again. I'm still hoping. Even now, I dream of finding you again. I wish one day you might feel the same. My dear AirPods, I never should have let you go. 
 Since I was a freshman,I have been waiting to get a post about me on crushes on compliments and I am already a senior. 
 Hamza is literally the coolest sophomore guy on campus. Can someone tell me if he's single or not? Xoxo 
 It’s almost 4:30am and I'm still awake because I have a shit sleep schedule and my girlfriend is sleeping next to me and she turns over and hugs me close to her while she’s sleeping and I swear my heart fucking pulled a grinch and grew 3 sizes. I’ve never loved anyone more in my life and I know she’s the one I'm going to marry. She makes me smile and makes my heart happy even when she doesn’t even know it and when she’s not awake. if you’re reading this, I love you so much darling 
 I need a girl to binge watch How I Met Your Mother with me so she can be my lily pad and I be her marshmallow 
 Yifan Lin is the sweetest guy ever :)) can anyone tell me if he’s single?? 
 My kink is closing entire browser windows with 17 tabs of study guides. 
 I worked so hard to get into NYUAD and maybe (try to) enter academia or get a corporate consulting job but what I really want is to marry an English duke and live out my life on my estate attending charity events, traveling, and grooming my adopted children for Oxbridge. 
 can I edit swap my suitemates :
 You already know who I am, but I just wanna make an appreciation post for the Spanish sophomore Alberto You are the sweetest, kindest guy that exists and I am so grateful for how friendly you have been with me. Thank you for everything and I wish you the best because you completely deserve it. Eres un pan de dios te quiero mucho 
 Sadness is when you video call your friends studying in other countries and they show you all the weed 
 how do you tell your roommate that he is bad at waking up (for reference he snoozed 36 times this morning 
 I’m like 20, why the hell does my back hurt 
 We are just a bunch of entitled and super spoiled kids who believe they can get anything they want on campus. Come on, grow up! We do have tons of resources but that doesn’t mean we can always make the uni allocate them the way we (as individuals) want. The uni always tries to take care of everyone’s needs (at least in my experience), and if these seem super simple (ex. weighing scale in the gym) they might not be super simple to someone else. We don’t know of students’ stories and experiences with extreme levels of disorders/illnesses and we can’t just argue and demand the uni to reallocate the resources. This doesn’t only apply to the weighing scale issue, but many others such as dining halls, food, convenience store etc. Please be reminded that your student status differs a lot compared to those studying in your home countries and sometimes think about how ‘bad’ they feel when their chicken steak isn’t well-done but medium or their dining hall ran out of salmon or the convenience store doesn’t have their favorite ice cream flavor - MANY DO NOT HAVE ANY OF THESE THINGS, SO THEY PROBABLY FEEL AS BAD AS YOU DO. 
 Yes you're in a great place now but.. Don't forget where you came from!!!!!! Don't forget how you got here!!!!!! 
 Sarah Saliba you're so beautiful! Please tell me you're single ! 
 
 Salote, I do not know how to approach you and to tell you how I feel. You seem really approachable and super nice but I’m shit scared to talk to you. Like wtf, I’m usually bold about talking to anyone but when I’m around you I get really nervous. Are you dating someone right now? 
 The human soul doesn't want to be advised or fixed or saved. It simply wants to be witnessed, exactly as it is. 
 This semester I have a professor who encourages us to not print our readings to reduce waste and another professor who printed a bunch of prank quizzes to make a really bad joke. Diversity? 
 Lily, you are the light of my life. I can't believe we were ever not friends. I'm so glad we are close now and I get to hang out with you!!! You're gorgeous, a genius, and so so sweet. Thank you so much for being one of my best friends. Never let the world get you down <3 <3 <3 
 I'm not gonna lie. I do miss the class of 2019. Not only were they such a nice and smart group of individuals but they were also a beautiful looking bunch! 
 let's make this semester so good that people regret doing study aways 
 After three long years of suffering from depression and anxiety, I am finally recovering. It feels like rebirth. I am more attentive to everything without even trying. I sleep well and my head does not feel heavy all the time. I care more about myself and I treat myself with small moments everyday. Because I did it. I found a way out of it. To all those who are going through a tough time, please remember that it will end. Please keep seeking for help and do not give up. There is no shame in seeing a counselor. It is not a sign of weakness. It is a sign of strength. Our brains lie to us and sometimes they have the power to convince us that we are worthless. That is not true. We'll find a way out and we'll learn how to deal with our brains. We can do this!! <3 <3 
 How does one find out about the parties that happen on campus? Sincerely, Someone who needs to party 
 Just an appreciation post for the ultimate Queeen herself, Gladys Tarisai. You are far beyond amazing, a new word should be invented just for you, because so far, none do you justice. Keep being you, the world sure is a better place with you in it! 
 Can someone tell Julia Tymoshenko I'd like to go out on a date with her? She seems super cool 
 Freshmen relationships season just started: Get your popcorn ready, and watch dramas unveil. Lots of hearts will be broken, many will get lost along the way, and some will find themselves in process. 
 Anyone wanna share tips on how to hookup with people at parties? -Horny freshman 
 “NYUAD - Just a bunch of horny people stuck on an island” - My Suitemate, 2019 
 Waad you never cease to make me smile. Your laugh is contagious, and your jokes always kill me. I wish I could find a way to tell you how I feel- a shy freshman. 
 I'm very handsome 
 Hi just wanted to thank the person who helped me pick up my pack of fallen blueberries. I was panicking on the inside and that small gesture was really kind and made me feel better about my clumsiness so THANK YOU 
 Good job freshmen on finishing your first week of classes 
 “When you first look at them they look like they’re juniors but then you look at their eyes and you know they’re freshmen because of the hope in those eyes.” - sophomore in D2 
 LinkedIn is my Tinder
 Confessions from a freshman. Martin Stewart you’re the cutest. You’re smile makes my day! The energy you spread around is so vibrant and unique. I just have 1 question for you.. Are you single? From a boy with a big heart 
 Kaiwen/Karen, I pray that you have a blessed future. Not a bad bone in you. Just kindness. 
 Held the door open for my crush, they did not even notice :( 
 To the person who called my mom a hoe, you are a piece of shit and oxygen thief. I know who you are. 
 @ the guy at D2 who dropped his dishes, splattered food and dirt everywhere, made eye contact with the staff and just walked out - your mom’s a hoe 
 Favorite meal on campus: breakfast or lunch/dinner? Breakfast = Heart Lunch/Dinner = Likes Thank you! I'm conducting a statistical survey 
 To the freshies, Please don’t feel left out or like you don’t fit in if you don’t feel like you have found ‘your group’ after the first week of the semester. It’s the first week of the semester. I was a very outgoing person throughout freshman year, but only now, as a sophomore, I really feel a deep connection to people, like there are people that I feel like I can really be myself around (Partly because over time in college, you get to know yourself so much more as a person). But I was someone that found being comfortable with people difficult, it’s different for everyone. It will take time. And that’s not just about this university, it’s the same anywhere else. Believe in yourself. You got this. Side note: Seriously though, there are so many better places to meet people than parties. And make use of being able to meet people at the baraha as much as you can, because when the assignments and exams start, you won’t find a more quiet place on campus. Also, girls, please appreciate yourselves and take care of yourselves. Know your worth and don’t let anyone dare to treat you badly. This could be one of the most transformative years of your life. Make the best of it. 
 
 I start a nerdy SIG, would anyone be interested? This SIG is for anyone who has a light workload like me and just want to learn random stuff because learning is fun. We can share what we learn outside of the classroom each week, whether it is sufism or the philosophy of mathematics. Or a revolutionary methodology to impress your crush based on psychological research. 
 Melika, I think you’re beautiful. Saw you in the marhaba hype video and damn girl! 
 Raeesa is just the most beautiful person - inside and out. Anyone in her presence is lucky to have her! 
 I really like this guy but the fact that most Americans don't wash their private areas (just wipe) turns me off. He is perfect but it is just that the washing thing is causing a problem. How can I speak to the guy and ask him without offending him? 
 Life goals: graduate college, fall in love, get married, have children, start a class war, overthrow the bourgeoisie, seize the means of production, retire young, die happy, you know, normal stuff 
 This weekend, please, I desperately beg of us as an NYUAD community... if we see something.. say something.. do something. If you think that there might be the slightest chance that a person is too far gone, uninterested, or just a tad uncomfortable, please stop yourself from going farther. Please listen if someone says no. Please don't coerce, don't guilt-trip, don't expect consent if not clearly communicated, even for the things you think are minute. Please, let us just get through one first weekend without others getting hurt. Please watch out for your friends, for your classmates and for your NYUAD family. 
 I genuinely cannot stop appreciating the pun of D1/Diwan 
 “ dude, i did like 5 shots of beer last night, so hungover ” -a freshmeat who is obviously not hungover 
 I love it when professors slide into my inbox with those start-of-semester emails. 
 Can we have something like FYD for sophomores, juniors and seniors. I miss free food trips. 
 Toby, man, slooowwww doooownnnnnn. Is it even possible to schedule a date with this guy? He's constantly running around during marhaba, does he ever have time for his love life? 
 The worst feeling is the person who made you float one day, treats you like you don't exist on the next. Please let's not do this to each other this semester 
 Stipend, my love! Its been a rough summer without you. Can't wait to be reunited again 
 I’m sooooooo excited to be on campus again. I’ve missed my life and routine at NYUAD... and the pasta station in D2
 Tusshara- answer me one question: are you straight? Because no man deserves a beautiful woman like you xx 
 if you meet an nyuad vegan which part will you hear first 
 Patiently waiting for all the marhaba crushes posts 
 
 Please don't tell my mom 
 You're a FUCKING BEAST. THAT'S WHAT YOU ARE. You are here to CHANGE THE WORLD and THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO. You're AWESOME and you're gonna change YOUR WORLD and EVERYONE ELSES WORLD because you're a FUCKING BEAST.
 Girl Intern: It’s hard for me to open up to guys Boy Analyst: Well you’re doing a pretty good job opening up to me right now Girl Intern: I guess it’s hard for me to open up to guys I’m interested in Friend zoned reax only 
 ust wanted to give a shout out to chosen families. My NYUAD chosen family has stood by me and supported me in all the ways that I could have asked for. I love you all, and thank you for being awesome. <3 Missing you. 
 I'm a sophomore and I'm going to SHANGHAI THIS FALL LIKE I'M SO EXCITED. 
 Professors at the end of the semester be like 
 Demand that your professors follow Prof. Marian's footsteps. Afternoon classes save lives 
 Some advice for incoming freshmen: I look back at my freshman year and shake my head at how hard I tried to become friends with toxic people out of fear of being alone. Some people are straight up manipulative, but it’s easy to see through that when you’re eager to make new friends. Don’t get me wrong there are SO many incredible people on this campus and after I realized who my true friends are I wish I hadn’t given so much of myself to people who really didn’t care. (This goes for being in romantic/sexual relationships as well, just because it may seem like everyone is hooking up, does not mean you have to, SERIOUSLY) Don’t sweat about trying to get invited to every party or every gathering, your right friends will come along with time. Don’t let people take advantage of you. And if you happen to have a bad experience making friends know that there are still so many great people out there and take it as a learning experience. Also, we’re all going through our own things so don’t be quick to judge a person based off of your first impression of them. Wishing you all the best. 
 Is it weird that I love writing field logs for the summer directed study? They give me these 'Dear Diary' moments. The best part is that someone's reading them on the other end and appreciating your work. <3 
 yo i really wish I could look up reviews on people on ror so I can know the fuck I am getting myself into 
 Bye bye big red book 
 *Internet goes out* Disappointed Egyptian roommate: ‘I left my country because of this...’ 
 Yeah he tried hitting on me. I thought he was just networking ” Corporate Internship problems
 After leaving NYUAD, I have come to appreciate the incredible women in our community so much more. So much of our world still lacks the framework that allows women to believe in their potential. Lets appreciate the women from Class of 2019. If you know any NYUAD ‘19 women, whom you have silently and distantly looked up to/admired, please tag them and give a shout out. Tell them why. Spread some love and support friends for people who have just gone out into the world outside our beloved campus. They should know and remember their potential. 
 Note to self and everyone else who needed to hear this today: You are NOT the worst in your field, surrounding etc. You didn't just happen to get all the things you've achieved so far. You didn't just get lucky. You fully deserve to be where you are with all the people around you. You are amazing and keep doing you! 
 can we talk about how the most extreme sport on campus is trying to be able to fit everything into your locker and praying that the door will still close??? 
 But NYUAD has such woke instagram pages tho...... 
 Aman Pandey from Nepal, I think you are very sweet and kind. I love when I talk to you and you get shy, ask me out on a date <3 
 Shoutout to Mareya for being on track to qualify for the Olympics. I've never met someone so amazing yet so humble 
 I have only one word - GRATITUDE I am grateful to the Supreme being for everything/ everyone I have been blessed with. I am grateful for the opportunities I have had and I am grateful for what is to come. I am entitled to nothing and don't deserve all that I get. Yet, I am blessed with everything I do not deserve. #gratefulheart 
 I want to see as dramatic change as the Highline grasses in my life 
 Marko Brnovic your photoshoot has me WET! Next time do a shirtless one... just for me... in my room... dominate me daddy 
 
 It's called Post-Traumatic NYUAD Disorder. You're used to having a lot of stress and suddenly have nothing to do, so you create your own stress. You get stressed because you aren't stressed. 
 I am really missing you’re smile and you being on campus. You are literally just happiness in human form. Please tell me that you’re on campus for Summer, Salote. 
 I miss D2 food..... all we have at home is crackers 
 Today, at Suhur, I noticed a girl’s scars on her wrist. I really wanted to come hug you but I didn’t wanna scare you off (you thinking I’m a creep or something or feeling uncomfortable) nor trigger you but I couldn’t stay silent so I figured I’d write it here because I want you to know that people care. We’ve never spoken even but I felt your absence this semester while you studied away. I remember seeing you at Marhaba during my freshman year and how loud and happy you were and then through events and how you always had a smile on your face and enthusiasm about pretty much everything. I admire your passion and how you bounce everywhere all the time and I see all the ways you care about people and I am sure other people have too. I know you might be struggling right now and you might feel alone but I want you to know that you matter way more than you think. Stay strong. You can do this. 
 I am really missing you’re smile and you being on campus. You are literally just happiness in human form. Please tell me that you’re on campus for Summer, Salote. 
 A hearty congratulation to the class of 2019 and wishing you good luck for the new beginning in life. May you reach all your goals. <3 
 Can we talk about how hot Haewon is? I fall in love deeper every time she walks by <3 
 Shout out to everyone at NYUAD you all are amazing. Studying away here this semester has been nothing but a pleasure. Also I miss D2 
 Just found out that there are four Karpauskaite sisters at NYUAD and I am SHOOK 
 Atoka is the most amazing human being ever. We'll miss you so much Your late night convo buddies 
 I saw the full Ma'a Salama program and I gotta say, Senior Year Experience Committee has really done a good job. It takes so much time and effort to organize all this stuff and they've done it beautifully, especially while all being seniors themselves. I know people complain, and programs are never going to be completely perfect but it really is admirable to see all the work you all have put in. 
 Student walks up to prof to turn in his final Student: Thank you for the semester professor, it's been my pleasure. Professor: Uh, no. It's been...mine? *Awkward pause* Professor: Congrats on graduating! Student: Thank you, you too! 
 Waseem and Tatyana, seeing you two makes me realize everything I need in life. You're so adorable! 
 I was bullshitting so hard I started feeling sorry for my grader 
 Brace yourselves... “Hi, incoming freshman here” ROR posts are coming. 
 I'm a graduating senior. I don't want to say bye. I love this school and everyone I met through this school. I enjoyed every moment (with a bit of exaggeration (actually, a lot)). Class of 2019, underclassmen, professors, staff, all of you -- I love you and thank you. 
 Vuk your energy is unbeatable!! It’s so nice to see you full of life, always smiling, and carefree! You’re truly such a great person to have around!! Not gonna talk about the looks because hot damn boi that suit was on point!!! PS thanks for the compliment! 
 Elena Sepetovska, the sun on the sky will eventually die, but my love for you will never fade away. 
 Been here for 2 semesters and I still can't believe a cute boy hasn't accidentally bumped into me, sent my books flying then we brush hands as he helps pick my shit up and we instantly fall in love #fakenews 
 People need to stop sharing random shit on ror. Yes, I don't give a single shit if people mispronounce your name and you are being a whiny bitch, 
 Incoming freshman here. I'm so scared of ending up alone without any friends. I feel like everyone in my candidate weekend made friends & that I gave the impression that I am not approachable. 
 Am I really the only one who’s never watched an episode of “Game of Thrones” and doesn’t plan on watching any despite social media influence? 
 I want to share my thoughts today with everyone (mostly to the graduating class): Eventually, everything will come to an end; your relationships with your friends, your love for them, or the people you’ve met over the years. When enough time has passed you forget everything. You are just left with memories but the feelings are scattered away like sand, and when that happens you will have found your peace. Your life might not be what you anticipated; that, however, does not mean you are a failure. Life is about growth. It’s of utmost importance to focus on things that we’ve power over and let go of the rest. You start sabotaging your life when you don’t have a true appreciation for and acceptation of who you are. Don’t stress too much. You can always bounce from any adversity and reinvent your life. You just gotta be willing to stay focused and never give up. Expect things to get better for you! You are doing your best :) Wishing you all the success and happiness the world has to offer 
 okay can I just say, the Appreciation Day today was unlike any I've ever been to. I've been to all the Appreciation Days since my Freshman year and this one was my FAVOURITE! The performances from the student groups who showed up and out!! I literally had staff who were standing with me in the crowd, dreading to go back to work. Just seeing the staff members get up and dance and just being so comfortable with everything , literally made my day .THANK YOU to the team, whoever you all are, :) 
 My girlfriend and I went to the nook to see Jay, not only is he a good listener, but also a great couples counselor. Our relationship has never been stronger. 
 Just experienced the nook with Jay. He is a really good listener! Totally recommend a session with this dude 
 TBH I would take someone on a date in the new convenience store 
 at least we aren't dealing with the prohibition era anymore, or else it'd really be unbearable 
 To all the people who actually stick to the theme of parties and events, you’re amazing. I’m tired of being one of the few people who dress up and make an effort at themed events and parties. I don’t get why people brag about not making an effort. Please follow the theme of the masquerade party so it works out for the best. I don’t wanna be the only one wearing a mask. 
 My health is falling apart. I just keep smiling so I don't think about it. Never did I think I'll ever be diagnosed with something incurable. I'll just live with it. But God, all I've ever prayed for is to have a painless death and never to become dependent on the mercy of people because of my failing health. But I'll keep pushing. 
 People who do HUA classes regularly are a whole different level 
 Ghadeer, the sophomore, I don't know what happens to me when I see u. Something about you is so special. You have the biggest heart and the most gorgeous eyes that I have ever seen. You are definitely one of the underrated people on this campus. I don't know what to do or how to tell you.. 
 Please don't make me leave new convenience store 
 When you know you're supposed to contribute something but you didn't do the reading and have no idea what's going on 
 Faiq, I never thought I’d fall in love, but then I met you. You know me better than anyone. You always know where I’m at, it's easy to open up to you, and honestly, you probably even can guess my measurements at this point. You’ve shown more dedication than any other man I’ve been with. What happened!? I barely see you anymore and I miss you. I miss the days when you closed the door and we could be alone with each other. You'd get inside me and wow, you worked hard (sometimes all night long). I want you back and I'm starting to get jealous. To anybody else with their eye on him, Faiq’s taken. Sincerely, C2-E201. 
 I genuinely cannot wait for Staff Appreciation Day. Last semester I was not able to make it but this Semester I'm definitely setting aside time to go. I feel that the staff do so much for us on this campus and I really feel spoilt & sometimes I feel that they go unnoticed. They are super respectful, courteous and polite I just LOVE them so much! They are always so eager to help us. I hope there is a good turnout from students for Appreciation Day next week . Show appreciation everyday <3 
 Giulia, from the bottom of my heart thank you for your support. You are probably one of the busiest people I know on this campus, but you still make time to help others. You're such a great RA, you will be missed next year 
 Overheard at D2: 
 I’ve had body issues for a long while but it has been getting better with the supportive community on this campus. Can I just give a shoutout to the peeps on campus who are just unapologetically themselves. Keep DRESSING the way you do, WALKING the you do and just being you. Seeing you being confident in your own skin inspires me so much and has helped me to be okay with how I look and feel. It feels amazing! I’ve come a really long way from what I was as a person. 
 to whoever put the stone at the door that takes you from the arts center to the highline, I LOVE YOU YOU ARE AN ANGEL GOD BLESS YOU CIDNSKFNCIFKS 
 Next staff appreciation day I'm getting Eva a bouquet of flowers 
 Ever been sick but doctors can't figure out what's wrong? I've been in this for many years. Yes, I have an autoimmune disease but not knowing what meds that would calm my symptoms and not pointing to exactly where my immune system is attacking is frustrating. Yes, I've tried many doctors in many countries. Yet...,,, I pity this body cos it's been tormented by needles. But the being occupying it is strong and will keep pushing. Will never give up so I try my best to act normal and work like every other person. ....Typing this from a hospital bed after 3 doctors have expressed lack of clarity on how to proceed and how limited medicine still is. To everyone studying to make human health better, I love you. 
 Why does my crush keep calling me 
 accidentally sent my crush the link to a pornhub video when I meant to send a YouTube video. crush, if you're reading this, I swear I'm not a creep (and I don't have a foot fetish). please unblock me. :( and now that you know, want to go out sometime? 
 I miss my mother 
 Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction. Any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and not intended. Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story Chapter 5: What up, Bruh? Part 2 As Usman and Paula looked at each other’s eyes, time seemed to slow down. There was only the present as with each passing second, they both grew more in love with each other. “Usman.” “Paula.” Nicole broke the “awkward” silence. “Do you guys know each other?” “Sort of. We met at the gym.” Paula responded, barely containing her excitement. Finally, she knows the hot guy’s name! Usman was overjoyed! Finally, he found her! He pondered on whether he should ask her out on a date, but Nicole interrupted his chain of thought. “Paula, go! I see your brother coming out of the library!” yelled Nicole. “Shit! Usman, you’d better leave. My brother does not fuck around with cute guys! Oh my god! I called you cute!” Paula paused for a second. “Well, see ya!” Paula ran and abandoned Nicole and Usman. Unfortunately for Usman, Ylber opened the library door and faced Usman. “Were you just talking to my sister, bruh?” yelled Ylber, feeling threatened by Usman’s presence. While not physically terrified of Ylber, his tone scared Usman. Luckily, Nicole stepped in. “Don’t worry, she went back to her suite.” Ylber seemed satisfied with that response. “Consider yourself lucky this time, bruh. But it won’t happen again, bruh!” Ylber said to Usman, then walked away. Usman was relieved. Now that Ylber left, he could breathe again. “Hey Nicole, do you think you could give me her number? I don’t want to keep meeting like this.” asked Usman, hoping to pursue this relationship. “Yeah sure. Can you give me your phone?” responded Nicole. As Usman handed Nicole his phone and she started typing, he started to memorize the features of Paula’s face. He started with her straight brown hair, then moved on to her face. Just as he was about to visualize her eyes, Nicole handed back his phone. “There you go.” “Thanks.” As Usman walked back to his suite, he felt a warm feeling spreading to his heart. Could this be love? We’ll see... ***Chapter 6: Failed Love, Part 1*** The next morning, Usman woke up feeling happy. It was the weekend, no responsibilities, and best of all, he could spend all day talking to Paula. Once he got dressed, he started texting her, and pretty soon, what started as a simple greeting soon evolved into a meme sharing text. “Yo, are you gonna ask her out?” asked Ansar. “You really like her, she likes you, I think there’s potential here.” “I know, but I’ve never asked a girl out on a date, especially one I... like this much.” Usman paused for a second there. Did he just really like her, or was it something more? That thought scared Usman a little. “Hey guys.” The mystery man emerged. “Didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but can I offer some advice?” Usman looked at the mysterious man. He seemed earnest, almost as if he actually wanted to help him. But should I trust this guy? Usman wondered. I mean, I barely know this guy. He just shows up randomly, helps out, and then suddenly disappears. I don’t even remember his name! But he did help me find her. Usman decided to hear him out. “Alright, what’s your advice?” asked Usman, curious to see what he has to hear. “I used to like this girl. No, I used to love her. But I never had the balls to actually ask her out. So what happened is she got tired of waiting and moved on to someone else. All I could do then was watch. We still remained friends, but I can’t help but wonder what would have happened if I took the leap. Don’t make my mistake and actually take the leap.” responded the mystery man with a wistful tone. “I didn’t know that about you.” Usman looked at the mysterious man as he started to get up. “It’s fine. I don’t really tell that to a lot of people. Anyway, I hope you take the leap.” The mystery man stood up and walked away. “So, are you going to ask her out?” said Ansar. THREE MONTHS LATER It was almost midnight. Usman and Paula were just walking on the Highline while holding hands and smiling at each other. Sadly, life isn’t a fairy tale, as they were about to discover. Usman and Paula just entered A2B. Usman told Paula that there was something that he needed to pick up. Clearly, that was a fib. Usman was nervous. He was thinking of proposing to Paula tonight. He’d set up the lounge, brought a nice dinner as to set the tone, and lastly, he bought an engagement ring off of eBay, as real diamond rings are more than his yearly university stipend. “Come Paula, take a seat.” Usman gestured to the table and pulled up a chair for her. “Usman, what is all this?” Paula was surprised and overjoyed at the prospect that her boyfriend pulled off something special just for her. “Nothing. I just wanted to show you how much I care about you.” said Usman as he lifted the lid of a plate, revealing a fancy cuisine. After they finished their meal, Usman decided that it was time to pop the question. “Hey Paula, listen. The last few months have been wonderful. While this may seem to be hasty, and even though we both told each other I love you, I do want to ask you this.” Usman started to get down on one knee. Paula face started to go white with shock as she knew what would happen next. Usman pulled out a small box from his pocket, and as he was about to open his mouth, the lounge door suddenly opened. “WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING, BRUV? To be continued... 
 Disclaimer: this is a work of pure fan fiction loosely based on the comic strip of the upcoming Pakistani wedding. Any relations to real people or events is purely coincidental and not intended. Forbidden Love: An NYUAD Original Love Story Chapter 1: Working Out? It was a normal evening. Paula was at the gym, curling a pair of dumbbells, focused on getting strong. “8, 9, 10!” Paula said with a sigh of relief as the dumbbells dropped. Soon as that happened, she went to retrieve a kettlebell, while simultaneously planning out the rest of the day. Meanwhile, Usman was running on the treadmill, following his regular gym routine. After wrapping up his run, he went to the kettlebells as part of his routine. As he reached for the dumbbell, his hand met Paula’s. For a moment there, time seemed to slow down as they gazed at each other’s eyes. For the first time in a while, Usman remembered what it was like to fall in love again. As Paula gazed dreamily into Usman’s eyes, she felt a spark inside. A spark that took control of her emotions, causing her to blush. Usman stood up, wondering if he should say hi to Paula, when suddenly, out of nowhere, her older brother APPEARS! ***Chapter 2: What Up, Bruh!*** Paula hid behind her brother as he glared protectively at Usman. Even though she loved her brother, he can be a real pain sometimes. Meanwhile, Usman was metaphorically shitting his pants at the sight of her brother. Despite his slightly shorter frame, the dude was jacked. Usman realized that this man could snap him like a twig with minimal effort. “Whatchu think you’re doing, bruh?” Nervously, Usman responded with, “I-I- was just saying hi.” Paula’s spirits were dashed. “I run into this cute boy at the gym, and suddenly my fucking brother decided to show up and sister-zone me! Why is my life a soap opera?!” and more thoughts like these flooded her head. Ylber looked at Usman, briefly wondering whether he should flip him over like in WWE wrestling matches, but he decided to let him off easy. “Alright, bruh, listen up. If I catch you around my sister again, yo skinny ass is dead. YOU HEAR ME?” Usman, noticeably panicked, responded with a quick nod and proceeded to quickly walk out of the gym. “The cutest girl that I ever saw, has a muscle bound oaf as a brother!” Usman walked over to the Marketplace, where he ran into Ansar, the chillest dude he knew. “Hey bro, what’s up?” Ansar looked up from his laptop and saw the look of despair that washed over Usman’s face. “Dude, what happened? Do you have another essay due tonight?” “No, no, not that. I was just at the gym, doing my workout, when...” As Usman recounted the events to Ansar, he realized how sad his life had become. Little did he know, it was the beginning of something beautiful. After recounting the events of the last 10 minutes, Ansar started laughing. “This is the most ridiculous shit I’ve ever heard. Oh my goddd! Hahahaha!” Ansar was experiencing a fit of giggles, as Usman looked, slightly shaking his head. “Ansar, what are you laughing about?” Ansar stopped laughing as soon as he heard the voice. Like a shadow, the mysterious person emerged. “Oh it’s you.” Ansar breathed a sigh of relief as he looked at the mysterious figure. A man whose height fell somewhere between tall and short, dark haired, and sort of caucasian, he spoke with a clear voice that had a slight trace of an American accent, despite not being American. “Usman was telling me about this girl he ran into the gym, and how he got harassed by her older brother.” “Huh.” He seemed unimpressed. “And now I assume that you want to know her name?” Usman jumped at the sound of that. Maybe there was hope after all, a chance at a relationship, maybe even love... but he hid his obvious enthusiasm. “Yeah sure, what’s her name?” “Dude, I need details. I can’t just give you her name without details of what she looks like.” He looked at Usman like he asked a stupid question, which of course he did. “She’s short, has brown hair, white, and her eyes are like, brown, but dreamy brown.” Usman responded as he briefly imagined their fictional perfect life together. Meanwhile, the figure pulled out his smartphone and started typing. Ansar stood up and sighed. This is going to be a long night, he thought, as it seemed that Usman was in love with this mystery woman. “Found her!” Usman looked back at the man who may have saved a potential relationship. “Her name’s Paula. She’s a freshman here.” Usman was relived. Maybe there was a chance for him and Paula to be together. ***Chapter 3: Hopelessly Devoted To You*** After the events at the gym, Paula needed to vent out her feelings about Usman to someone she deeply trusted. After Usman and her brother left, she went to her best friend, Nicole. Nicole was a social person, but this time, she wasn’t in her room A2 as per usual, instead, she went to grab food from D2. Frustrated, Paula then had to walk from A2 all the way to D2, which have her a bit more time to think about who the handsome boy at the gym could be. Sadly, she had no clue. Paula then entered D2 to find, surprise, Nicole. “Hey Paula, how are you?” asked Nicole. “Not so good.” responded Paula. “I met this hot Pakistani boy at the gym, but my brother scared him off.” Nicole gave have Paula a look of sympathy and understanding, despite never experiencing this situation before. “Did you at least get his name?” asked Nicole. Paula shook her head. “How will we find him, Nicole?” As Nicole and Paula pondered over the identity of the hot Pakistani boy, Yesmine, Sky, and Suman overheard this conversation two tables away. “Yesmine, do you think Paula’s talking about Usman?” asked Suman. Unbeknownst to them, Suman was harboring a secret crush for Usman. “Based on the description that I’m hearing from them, it is possible.” responded Yesmine, aware of Suman’s crush on Usman. “Do you think we should we help them out?” asked Sky, completely oblivious of Suman’s crush on Usman. “I mean, it seems like she really likes him.” “But I really like him!” said Suman. “I just don’t know how to ask him out. So until then, she needs to back off!” “You can’t just tell her to back off.” responded Sky, maintaining the status of being the level-headed one. Meanwhile, Yesmine was laughing at the hilarity of the conversation. Deep down, Suman knows that Sky is right, but she refuses to acknowledge that fact. “I don’t care! Love is love, Sky! It’s not my fault that he friendzoned me!” said Suman. Suddenly, a light bulb went off in Suman’s head. “Doesn’t she have that overprotective older brother?” ***
 Major shoutouts to the Sheikh and the UAE for hosting us. Can't put my sincere appreciation in words. God bless NYU, the person paying my tuition fees, and the country hosting me <3 
 Andrew Riad you are the person that NYUAD needed. Bringing joy, charm and humour to our everyday lives. Thank you ! 
 yeah getting rejected by the love of your life is sad and all but you ever gone up to your room and been thirsty and then realized you got no water and gotta go back to the 2nd floor to get some. 
 The campus cats instagram is the best thing that has ever happened to this university 
 i crushed on this girl for the first semester of my freshmen year. I would always see her around and she would always catch my attention but never had the chance to appraoch her. Three weeks ago, on valentines, I took a shot. Since then, we’ve been texting everyday. there isnt a day that goes without having her in my life. I’m in the best position I have been in a while and everyday feels like a dream to me. I wake up excited to see and talk to her and I somehow feel she feels the same way too. I wish I can go back in time to tell myself to talk to her faster. To the guys, just shoot your shot. our time here is temporary and the right girl will change your time here for good. Just do it mate. 
 Overheard in D2: underclassmen should seriously stop asking how I feel about graduating. I'm not their friggin reality show celebrity. I'm just trying to ignore reality. 
 Elena Sepetovska, you're a sunshine. 
 Hala Aqel, you're honestly the prettiest girl on campus. I don't know you personally but you make me smile each time I see you walk by. I hope you have a great day. 
 You know you're a true global leader when you start saying “nǐ hǎo habibi” and “yallah zaì jìan” 
 Midterm szn reacts only 
 when it’s time to apply to that summer internship but you didn’t do so hot this last semester 
 when they ignore your texts but you see them eating at D2 
 True 
 Shoutout to the chairs at NYUAD, especially the library ones. I haven't sat on a comfortable chair in a month. 
 That sad moment when the RAs on the highline are playing better music than most parties on campus... 
 how do I ask my RA to write up my RA for the party I saw him at last night 
 The difference between a FoS-1/2 and FoS-3/4 engineering student. 
 Please like this post if: 1.You agree that paula (freshmen) is both beautiful inside and outside 2. Is too humble to become aware of this and should start to see it You're mesmerizing 
 Ian Hoyt: you are one of the weirdest, most articulate and most caring people I can think of, And your Gazelle article on Candidate Weekend was hilarious. Never change <3 
 Motivational saying for y'all during midterms season 
 Tsion Solomon I wish you a happy birthday you adorable human being :) 
 To Hannah Melville Rea, You're a beautiful person inside and out, and it's always a delight to have conversations with you Thanks for being so amazing! There should be more people like you in this world... 
 too real 
 they tried 
 Enrique Wing, The posts you share on Facebook make my day. I hope you always have something to brighten your days as well. 
 One of the best comebacks in this page 
 If you’re majoring in SRPP and don’t have a 4.0 GPA then shame on you 
 Lucky You 
 Twoba, you are such an amazing person. i
 Zuzy, you always manage to make my day with your amazing smile and bright personality... please notice me 
 Y’all better step up and make street cat a student ID 
 Girl: 
 Jay Lee, you are one of the kindest, most warm-hearted people I've met. Thanks for always being such a good guy. 
 Van everytime that I have seen you dance you make my heart skip a beat 
 May Baho and the rest of that bougie espresso-drinking crowd, can we be friends? 
 A pornstar sent me a friend request and took it away before I could respond. Appreciate what you have while you have it. 
 Guys! I personally believe that respecting a woman's decision is the best way to react when you are rejected. No need to be pushy: Just face the fact that not everyone is going to like each other and move on with your life. I thought I'd share this with y'all 
 I’m really sad to realize I actually don’t have many friends here. Whenever they need me, they always message me, especially for class, homework and maybe sometimes lunch. Whenever it’s a weekend, they completely forget about me and don’t reply to my messages because they are in with some party people. Then I see them on multiple parties on Snapchat stories. It really sucks to be an upperclassmen and spend the weekend nights in your room, lonely... 
 Jacinta Hu, I can't wait for you to brighten up the Unix Lab with your smile :) 
 To the kindest, most soft-hearted, happiness-spreading, cutest, most amazing human being on this campus: Thank you for being such a lifting spirit to everyone around you and this entire campus. Thank you for going out of your way to be kind and nice. Thank you for being so passionate about squash that it inspires me! Jaida, Happy birthday. I wish you a long and happy life and a great day. 
 Miren is the nicest person on campus. Change my mind. 
 If Mahmoud Salah has a hundred friends, then I'm one of them. If Mahmoud Salah has just one friend, then I'm that one. If Mahmoud Salah has no friends, that means I'm dead! For better, for worse, I will always love and support you! Even if the whole world stands against you, I will fight for you! 
 Yaman Garg, You're a very considerate human being. 
 Reema, you have a beautiful soul 
 When you hold the door for 1 person and it ends up being 3 students, 4 faculties, 8 soccer team guys, and the stampede that killed Mufasa. And then you wonder why I am always late for breakfast and my morning classes 
 I’m soooo done with nyuad ppl hating on New York kids - to an extent where they generalize all of them as rich ignorant stupid kids and never try to interact with them during study away. If you react to difference with hatred you’re no better than trump supporting republicans tryna build walls smh 
 I overslept and didn’t get to go to the gym. That’s three years in a row now. Graduating this year. I’ll try again tomorrow. 
 (Freshman) Mazen, you are the nicest bundle of joy i've ever met. You're so cheerful and funny i love it. Stay exactly how you are because its amazing. 
 Suck-up Student: Professor! How do you know so much? Professor: Are you jealous? Rest of the Class: Woooooooo 
 Me in every humanities class paper 
 Say what you want about studying away or being at NYUAD, but hot damn is it refreshing to be able to just walk into a store and buy a goddamn vibrator again 
 Dear person who wrote the Gazelle article 
 REACH, you guys are the fucking best. I'll just leave it at that 
 the most frequent lie I hear in nyuad is people saying 
 My study away semester made me realise how much I miss Abu Dhabi and NYUAD and the kindness and compassion that engulfed me at all times like a big, warm blanket of care. It made me realise just how nice Emiratis are as 'locals'. I realised how lucky I was to be able to live in a city like this without having to worry about money. Thank you, NYUAD. There will never be enough reasons to thank you. :) 
 me eating breakfast at D2 on valentines day
 Okay but can we talk about friend crushes? Do people get them as often as I do? Like, you look at/ meet someone and you think, 
 To the dear cutie that left a mint gum stuck to the bottom of a desk at E047 this Monday evening, My gratitude to you is ineffable! You know, before you happened to me, I used to think that I was staggering from all the shit that fell on my shoulders. How wrong I was! Your frivolity with the gum took the wool off my eyes, unveiling how much free time I indeed have to go around campus in attempts to find a cleaning service just to finally hear that the fabric my pants were made from cannot be dry cleaned. I used to think that the amount of my problems has reached the apogee; apparently, I still have some extra stress space left. Now my pants with a sticky gum do not just symbolize my despair and distress, they also act as an eternal idol of our new-born relationship. You might think this was a sarcasm, nay thingy vailed contempt, but I will be honest: this gum will firmly hold our mutual love till the very moment I find you and stick it into your throat in hopes of seeing you suffocating. i revere you and weep for the NYUAD community, sincerely, a guy with no pants 
 Yara Massoud, when I see you, sky turns a little brighter. 
 I don't mimd being alone on Valentine's Day but no Nutella in convenience store at the same time? What kind of torture is that?! 
 Dino Kolonic, please kolonize me. 
 It seems like everyone has someone for Valentines Day :| at least I have these campus cats to keep me company when I am having my meals alone on Valentines Day. shoutout to the amazing campus cats. Y'all the real MVPs. 
 I have little trust in people who don't use oxford commas 
 Lets all try to pat more cats, chat to the staff and kids, meet more people in the dining hall, savour our books and readings and time with friends, lie doing nothing on the highline grass in this glorious weather, and just be appreciative of the people and things around us. In general get back to our senses and our physical space. Much love to everyone and this beautiful planet and campus. 
 Whoever is f***ing in A6A, 6th floor, ITS EFFING LOUD SO STFU. No need to have raging intercourse at 2am. I can’t sleep. Seriously I am going to report you soon 
 I was typing romantic; somehow, it turned into ramontic. I guess they have the same meaning ;) 
 If you like someone, ASK THEM OUT. Yes, it's easier said than done but time moves ahead even if you don't. Take the limited shots you get! 
 I feel like the one good thing about NYUAD is that at least it's so new I don't have to worry about there being any ghosts. 
 Museera, how do you look so on point 24/7 you’re so wholesome it makes my day better. 
 Those people cheating on their partners while they're gone need to CHILL smfh. At least respect them enough to break up. No need to be a terrible person. 
 It's been only a week abroad and I am already spoiled with freedom and endless opportunities life has to offer me. My classes excite me and I admire professors' expertise. People are more friendly and relaxed here so I forgot what anxiety of speaking up in class is. I am going out regularly and, in fact, every day I am doing a couple of exciting things that push me out of the comfort zone. Here, I've developed a lot more connections -- with both nyuny kids and locals -- than I cumulatively did on campus. What's more, I think I might have found 
 In the first class at NYU London we all had to say one word that comes to mind when thinking about Britain - AD global leaders’ answers were imperialism and colonialism 
 I can't wait for to leave London. It's cold all the time and depressing as hell and the girls here are pompous af. I can't afford half this crap NYUAD I want backk 
 Your professor pretending to be impressed with your work after you did the bare minimum. 
 Sofija Jancheska when I see you, all the world is so dull because you are quintessention of light and life! 
 Online dating Racial Bias. Kinda true, right? Love Reacts = Agree ; Laughing = Disagree. 
 If we care about enviornment so much, let’s NOT be vegan. 1. You eat spinach -> less oxygen cuz you destroy plants. 2. You kill animals to eat them -> they don’t consume oxygen = more oxygen. 
 When you’re in a med school and realise that you’re paid per article published in the medical journal 
 tbh the only disappointing thing about studying away is having to interact with nyuny people 
 reaction reacts only 
 Aizaz, I hope you find no one in Florence, because I WANT YOU! 
 Lucius Lambert, I am lucky to call you my friend. Not only are you one of the most articulate and well-read friends I've got, you have consistently shown your kindness and embrace during my time at NYUAD. You teach us all that being very smart as well as extremely nice are compatible qualities. Thank you. 
 Seeing people in tel aviv posting about how wonderful or tranquil life there is pisses me off. 
 I think everyone should experience FOS just for the liberation one feels when one inevitably quits 
 My standards are way too high for the face and body that I have 
 Should NYUAD introduce this ? Heart = YES Like = NO 
 I was a completely and utter wreck last semester, emotionally and physically. Nonexistent sleeping cycle, always had 10+ meal swipes left to waste, skipped the majority of my classes, diagnosed depression and anxiety... you name it. Oh, and attempting to compensate for emotional comfort by temporary physical intimacy (yeah, basically I fucked around, but the Writer in me wanted to flex). In accordance to my health, my academics were, unsurprisingly, also a mess; I ended Fall 2018 with two Incompletes and received an email from Chuck Grim that I was on academic probation because I only earned 8 credits. I hated who I had become, but didn't know how to fix it because everything spiraled out so quickly out of control. My New Year's resolution was to prioritize my health over anything else. I focused on healing over winter break, visited doctors and friends, devoured books with a passion that I realized I lost over the semester. I welcomed the intellectual challenge my J term posed, struggled through it, and earned an A-. My sleeping schedule is yet to get back on track, but I am a lot more emotionally stable. I also finished the two Incompletes ahead of the deadlines and I got last grade today. I got A's in both, and I now have a 3.8+ cumulative gpa. Thing is, my friends don't know about any of this. I've had no one to tell any of this to, because I'm always the listener; the 
 The average NYUAD student 
 Truer words have never been spoken 
 Overheard outside A2: Person A: 
 CONTROVERSIAL WRITING TIP: open a document and start writing 
 We all have that one prof 
 NYU is just subpar NYUAD 
 Shout out to the D&I students! I am very impressed with your work! Praise God for amazing lecturers like Matt who have revolutionized the program over the years. D&I could be the end or the beginning, so please make it the beginning. Please don't wait till your capstone before you step in the SuperLab! Keep innovating, NYUAD pride! 
 not sure where to go this break? Don't worry I can help choosing 
 True Facts 
 Can we all just take a moment to appreciate what amazing job all the outstanding people behind the Student Theater Production did such as the incredible Creative/Design Team - the wonderful directors Ethan and Vicky, the one of a kind stage managers Lily & Isabel, the awesome lightning and sound designers Zain,Ayesha,Sreerag and Shin Won Kim; and, of course - my personal favorites - the best costume designers ever Shenuka,Gabor and Marika. Last but not least, many thanks to the best colleagues one can have on and backstage - Smrithi,Ophelia,Yasmeen,Elza,Matthew,Tori,Hubert and Morgane. Special thanks to the cast members who dedicated their time,efforts and support by being part of the team and being there for us during the three nights performances - Linsey,Shalini,Ivona,Vitoria, Emil, Chris, Suzan and Luna. To conclude, I would also like to thank the incredible team of The Arts Center and the NYUAD Theater Program. It was a great pleasure working and performing with all of you guys! Love ya xx 
 NYUAD has the most number of whiney-ass students crying 
 Typical NYUAD students 
 A very Happy Holidays reminder that your break just started, but it’s gonna end soon too 
 I hate myself; every now and then I take a vow to not eat KFC till 2019 but I keep failing. What should I do? I am a disciplined person in the academics but not KFC 
 Still thinking of Ph.D. after graduation? 
 honestly I just want to express how grateful I am for this man, without him I would not be able to be so fortunate to go here, bc no matter how you feel about nyuad, you cannot deny how easy we have some stuff. 
 This is an appreciation post for all guy friends who don't want to hook up with their female friends! You are great friends, and I'm sure that extends beyond your ability to befriend a gender you are attracted to and not proclaim your love to them. Sometimes, it takes someone telling you to leave your s/o for them because they love you and were always there for you, you know, like a good friend, for you to sit down and think about how grateful you are that not all of your guy friends want to sleep with you, even though this asshole made you feel like that for a little while. Thanks to everyone who respects people. Just in general. Human decency. :) 
 To upperclassmen how do you deal with the winter break goodbyes, especially to those you won’t see until senior year? 
 it has only been one day. but i already miss campus and the people who were there so very much. i know we signed up knowing friends will be leaving all the time when we came here but i am really struggling anyway, knowing that so many people who are the reason i love nyuad will be gone 
 It might take a year. It might take a day. But what's meant to be will always find its way 
 Ladies, if he: -gets hard at inconvenient times -makes you cry at least once a week -keeps you from succeeding at your life plans -constantly fucks you over That's not your man. That's FoS 
 I wish I could reenact scenes from 50 shades of grey. Like the one that she got the job right out of college 
 just want to appreciate everyone who isn’t ecstatic about going home for winter break. maybe it’s an unsupportive, toxic or bigoted family, or maybe you feel safer or more provided for and comfortable on campus. I see you and appreciate you, and hope this break goes so much better than you could ever hope 
 Yuki Chiu is the most wholesome person on this campus. She is a living ball of sunshine and her hugs are only rivaled in warmth by her smile. She’s amazing and I’m honored to be her friend (even though she can be a little immature sometimes ;) ) 
 Gotta love hypocrisy of parents. 
 Can we please have campus dogs (instead of?/with the?) campus cats 
 nyuad students are really obsessed with campus cats 
 Life in NYUAD seems so temporary sometimes (you know what I mean right?), people study away, have internships and we all have new things springing up as the years continue to go by, which is a good thing but it's sad at the same time :( To everyone, please take the time to appreciate the gems around you that continue make your NYUAD experience worth it. Tag those gems <3 
 It’s disappointing to fall for someone who doesn’t fall for you. But it’s a whole other feeling of hurt when you’re halfway with someone and realsie it. If you don’t want to be with someone, why don’t you just let them know? I hear so many of my friends especially male friends convince themselves they didn’t reallyyyyy do something wrong or didn’t reallyyyyy lead someone on all because the two involved weren’t an official Facebook couple after all. I mean who even does these Facebook updates anymore? Seriously, what happened to human decency? I’m not talking about hookup situations where both people know or have commucated clearly what’s going on. But if you’re seeing someone especially repeatedly, you know they feel it more than you, you know you have no intention of anything, honestly how can you not take your position as the less emotionally attatched to show this person mercy and let them go? Is it difficult to offer them that kindness? Is it that easy to be lazy with other people’s emotional well-being all because you’re unsure or because to you it’s not that deep? 
 academic integrity is key 
 To Koki: You are an amazing inspiration and are cute and hot the same time. Thanks for sharing your life with me and thanks for being so honest. There are so many people that are way too insecure to admit that they have concerns, but not you. You are down to earth and approachable, you just made my day. You don't have to look to other people for answers, you are amazing in your own way! 
 The people who give the best relationship advice are usually the ones who are singles - Shoutout to all my single friends I don't know how I will survive without you. 
 Sion Hau is the most adorable human being ever and we must protect her at all costs 
 to all the sophomores and juniors studying abroad next semester, it's okay to message people who have studied away in your location and ask for help. going to a new place can be daunting, especially if you've gotten used to an old one. reach out, even if you just want help getting a sim card or wanna know where to get the cheapest groceries. we're more than happy to help. studying away can give a lot of anxiety and if knowing things in advance makes it easier, please please do it. have a wonderful semester away. hope you grow and learn and find happiness wherever you're going <3 
 Shout out to D1, thank you for existing. My life would be so much sadder and incomplete without you! You're the best thing in the universe, thanks! 
 Anna Pustovoit, you are honestly the cutest sweetest girl on campus. Seeing you literally makes my day! Thank you for blessing us with your presence! 
 Thought I’d end with an A, but it wasn’t a match. Wrote some songs about passing, now I listen and laugh. Even got extra credit, and for that I’m so thankful. Wish I could say thank you to quizlet, cause it was an angel. 
 Big round of applause for the StuGov programming board. You guys are amazing, high-energy, effective, and all round great at bringing us all together 
 shout out to the following seniors: Tami, Jacob, Leslie, Larayb, Giulia, Ghaniba, Rida, Nela, Mani, Lina, Mira, Ushna, Firas and Michael. You guys are some of the most empathetic and helpful people on this campus. Thank you for striving to make this community better. 
 The temporariness of this school is tearing me apart. There are just sooo many amazing people that you get to meet and know and love. It's killing me to know that there are some people I may never see again (shout out to the study aways.. you guys are amazing) and some I won't see for at least a year if not more (to all my friends I love you so much) and some people who will pass by before I even get to learn how great they are (to those people I respect you anyway). Just had to get that out there because with finals and packing and everything else I just wanted to remind everyone not to forget to appreciate eachother. <3 
 Every day is a good day to express how much we appreciate all the contract staff in the dining hall, library cafe, convenience store, and everywhere else on campus, but ESPECIALLY these days when they're spending extra hours working late to take care of us so we can do finals. So take an extra minute to thank them! We would really not be able to succeed without them, but they rarely get the thanks they deserve. Let's remember to let them know we see them, care for them, and appreciate them 
 sometimes, I wonder how people in this university have the audacity to call themselves 
 Shout out to all the stuff in , library, convenient store and library cafe that stay late with us during finals!!! Honestly people should appreciate their work when we get late night snacks and research help after their usual working 
 I'm sick and tired of y'all complaining about finals. You should pay attention in class, instead of trying to teach yourself a whole semester's worth of material like a week before the exam. 
 Ankita Sadarjoshi, I think you're ridiculously attractive and your vibe is beautiful. I regret not trying to get to know you this semester. 
 Honestly, I've struggled with finding other single gay/bi girls on this campus. I don't want something shallow, so I hesitate with using Tinder, but it's so hard to know whether someone is gay or just affectionate! But there are so many gorgeous girls 
 Sending love && support to people who have finals next week you guys are a few days from freedom. Stay 
Seniors, don't ever let anyone tell you that you don't have time anymore and that you should make up your mind as to what you want to do post-graduation. Life does not surround about that moment of post-graduation, it is so much more. Take your time, take your time to figure out what you want to do, how you want to get there and most importantly, who you want to be. 
 When you go out drinking but need to wake up for your 9am final 
 
 honestly some upperclassmen have really helped me to feel like I belong here so thank you for that 
 We met at the wrong time. 
 Everyone can't wait for the semester to be over but I'm not really excited about winter break. It's not that I don't really want to spend time back at home but I just love it here. I'm not looking forward to leaving, even if it's for a few weeks. Especially since so many of my friends are going to be gone when I come back, and I won't see them for a year. Even though we have issues sometimes, I can't imagine this place without them... In these last few days, please appreciate where you are and the people around you. I know we all have finals but make time to spend with your friends and make memories. grades aren't everything. Live in the moment instead of constantly thinking of the moment you'll get out of here. Go to events, celebrate holidays you have no business celebrating, go out once with your friends, take a break or two. Stop procrastination, do the work you need to get done everyday, and then enjoy yourself everyday. You can do it! 
 Ladies if he: - asks you how your day is going every day - supplies you with all of your needs - wants God to be a central part of your relationship - prays for you when you walk away He is not your man. He is a Chef at the Grill. Please stop holding up the line 
 Can I use my capstone budget to pay someone to do it for me? 
 I'm a senior who's gotten to know some incredible underclassmen in the past few weeks. Knowing that they're leaving to study away and I'll probably never see them again makes the idea of graduating seem even stranger and sadder. 
 My roommate has a duck alarm. It starts quacking every morning at 7am. He does not turn it off until 8:45. What should I do? 
 Everything I like is either illegal, expensive or doesn't text back 
 I just wanted to take the time to say that Ayham is such a cutie. he gives the best hugs and always smells great. please give me the pleasure of letting me take you on a date *that rhyme though* ;) 
 SO much love for Mimi Filova - I admire you so much and seeing you brightens every day. I hope you always keep your spark and remember how fantastic you are. Cannot wait to see what future you gets up to! 
 NYUAD students who flex on each other about how busy they are and make their friends schedule lunch dates on Google Calendar: weird flex but okay. Just realized that none of this is normal after I break out of the Saadiyat bubble. Signed, NYUAD grad with a job and actual adult responsibilities. 
 Oscar Sapkota, I am truly grateful for your existence. You are all-around amazing! 
 Not a crush, not a compliment, I’m failing 2 classes and I hate my life please leave nice comments to encourage me to keep living thank you 
 Sree and Smrithi, you two are the CUTEST!! I love seeing you together 
 finals szn 
 If there's Hungry@NYUAD, and a Lonely@NYUAD, how much longer till we get a Thirsty@NYUAD? (: 
 This is for all the Nepalis on campus; you guys are absolutely amazing and welcoming as a community. I have yet to interact with a single Nepali that I dislike. Props to you all for being so smart and humble and also for staying tight as a community. Love and hugs from the other side of the world. 
 Miren you are everything that is good in this world 
 Ladies, if he - is unreliable - never respond in time - doesn't connect with you - frustrates you and makes you cry - never available when you need him most - keeps making new changes that you don't understand He's not your man. He's NYU Net 
 All I want for Christmas is a boyfriend. And a dog. But my crush has a girlfriend, so just a dog, I guess. Oh wait, can't have pets in the room. Nevermind, Santa, please, just get me food then. 
 People will come and go. Events will come and go. Day and night will come and go. But a true love for yourself will always remain with you, if you nurture it. Always Love yourself! 
 Prince, this campus would be an unhappy place without you. Thank you for existing! 
 Isa Rios is fabulous. 
 No NYUAD science major dies virgin. FOS Fucks em all 
 Just want to thank Daniel Dobaji for being the best freshman RA. He really eased the process of settling down in university and making me overcome my homesickness. We need more men like you 
 Hanaan!!! What a kind, sweet and wonderful girl you are! It has been an absolute pleasure to be your friend for the past year— honestly, there are few people I am more happy to run into on this campus. I have a great admiration for your academic dedication and your willingness to listen to and provide support for your friends. Our conversations are super funny (Rabaaaaa) and I always feel better after talking to you (I’m fairly sure this applies to others also). Good luck for the rest of the semester and the comings ones as well! 
 Dining hall should serve KFC? Heart = Yes Like = No 
 on the 12th day of Christmas NYUAD gave to me 12 panic attacks, 11 RA incidence reports, 10 missed group me messages, 9 hours of studying, 8 am classes, 7 rave alerts, 6 add/ drop forms, 5 group projects, 4 homework assignments, 3 examinations, 2 accumulative finals, and a rescheduled PE exam 
 to the freshman with the name that nobody can remember (uljad) - you're one of the most hard-working people I know and I am very proud of you! keep being the annoying and hilarious person you are, sugah 
 Won't mention any names but congratulations to the Rhodes Scholarship recepients, you guys deserve it! To my other friends who are also damn qualified but unfortunately didn't get it, I hope it was still a valuable experience and that you don't feel down because of this. I know you won't because you have already overcome so much hardships and you are such a strong person that this won't change that. You all are so awesome I can't stop admiring you. Much love, a Class of 2019 student <3 
 Can I just say that Lachlan Pham is honestly one of the purest, most selfless people that I know. He's always making the people around him a little happier with his Aussie wit. And can we talk about that smile? Damn, breath-taking. Keep doing you Lachlan and strut your stuff 
 THEY DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE 
 I have a crush on sleep 
 OK THAT'S IT. This Wednesday is official ask your crush out day. Stop being shy. 
 To all the boys (and girls) cheating on their long distance significant others, you are trash and karma will get you good. 
 Seems so legit 
 I can’t seem to focus on academics because the lack of a significant other is really really affecting my mental health. I have a good group of friends and my life is put together but recently I’ve been feeling very lonely. I’m not sure if anyone here has experienced this and could share their thoughts. I really want to focus but having no one to cuddle with, to share food, to stare into each other’s eyes and forget about everything... is really making me sad. It’s making me doubt my self-worth and I feel like I am unloveable. 
 I am driven by H A T E 
 The moment when you realize you're in toxic relationship with the library - you know well it's not healthy, but still can't get outta it. 
 Love how if the bros start feeling their vibe and start having egos we need to accept we are 3's, but if a girl does it everybody is like 
 lol at how all the straight guys here think they're so fit and attractive because of the lack of straight guys at nyuad. like boy, you may think you're an 8 here but trust me, outside of nyuad you're a strong 3. y'all need to stop being so egocentric. y'all ain't that special, trust me 
 Can we all please take a moment to appreciate Meg Hoffmann brightest smile, sweetest heart, and isn’t she HOTTTT....if you read this Meg I want you to know you’re my dream girl 
 Life of an engineering student 
 Yo honestly shoutout to all RAs on call. Being startled awake in the middle of the night to deal with stupid-ass things is a pretty thankless job. Genuinely don’t think they want to be in that position anymore than the people involved. Thank your RA the next time you see them! 
 Maya Morsli has such an attractive brain. 
 Snoozes alarm for a 1000th time. 
 At this point, the only hope I have at finding love in this place is the guys coming back in spring. To those guys, I hope you're hot, have a good personality, like to cuddle, and are straight. Please and thank you. :D 
 I wish someone loved me as much as d2 loves Beyonce and Bruno Mars 
 Overheard at D2: FoS girl: “Wow those cats have the same design.
 hear you, the voice With its trembles and quakes As you watch without choice As your sanity breaks Your plea to feel useful And full of potential Is met with refusal As inconsequential I hear you, the silence Your lungs without air As you’re searching for guidance From those who don’t care Who can’t see from the top That which lies deep within Where identity stops And the mask may begin I hear you, the burning To share what you fear And your stomach that’s churning With pain that’s severe A baggage too cruel To unleash on another You keep in a womb As its surrogate mother You hold it in, uncertain, Afraid to even share Because you feel the burden Isn’t one for me to bear But I have news, my troubled friend about your welts and sores: Your burden isn’t mine to bear, But neither is it yours! Don’t think norm is life benign I’m broken through and through But if I’ve room enough for mine, I’ve sure got room for you! I hear you, the longing The things I once dreamed I hear you, the echoes Of what I once screamed I hear you, the aching Of heart and of bone I hear you, the person Who is not alone 
 Multicultural reaccss only 
 Can we all just take a moment to appreciate what amazing job all the outstanding people behind the Student Theater Production did such as the incredible Creative/Design Team - the wonderful directors Ethan and Vicky, the one of a kind stage managers Lily & Isabel, the awesome lightning and sound designers Zain,Ayesha,Sreerag and Shin Won Kim; and, of course - my personal favorites - the best costume designers ever Shenuka,Gabor and Marika. Last but not least, many thanks to the best colleagues one can have on and backstage - Smrithi,Ophelia,Yasmeen,Elza,Matthew,Tori,Hubert and Morgane. Special thanks to the cast members who dedicated their time,efforts and support by being part of the team and being there for us during the three nights performances - Linsey,Shalini,Ivona,Vitoria, Emil, Chris, Suzan and Luna. To conclude, I would also like to thank the incredible team of The Arts Center and the NYUAD Theater Program. It was a great pleasure working and performing with all of you guys! Love ya xx 
 When you never got out of the high school try hard phase 
 Stem reacs only 
 Cassandra Canadian sophomore, you’re beautiful inside out. 
 being a global leader is when no part of your flesh is asian but being tagged in subtle asian traits posts cuz you hang out with asians too often that youve become one of them 
 Will forever be grateful towards Brian Wu, probably one of the most caring people on campus. 
 me in FOS next semester 
 I spent the last couple of hours contemplating why May Baho doesn't have a profile picture on facebook. I think that can be a capstone project on its entirety. Do you agree? Heart = YES Like = YES 
 To the roommates who constantly clean up after everyone’s mess: I feel for you and I know how much it sucks. I am honestly so sick of being the one to take out the trash, wash the dishes, scrub the floor, vacuum, etc. I don’t understand how some people live like pigs and just expect someone else to clean up after them. It’s disgusting. Especially when you leave food rotting on your table or in your fridge, it’s incredibly unhygienic, just seriously learn to clean up after yourselves PLEASE. And just take a moment to thank that one roommate who quietly cleans up your mess because when you’re a neat freak who lives with pigs it’s awful. 
 nyuad student on thursday night, truly embracing foreign culture
 Overheard on the high line: Girlfriend: The weather’s perfect today. Boyfriend: You know what else is perfect? Girlfriend: Me? Aww Boyfriend: No, me. HAHAHAHAH 
 one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain
 Am I the only one? 
 Cece is really a big help. She is maybe the nicest person on campus. 
 Please tag those big ballers on stipend day 
 Dear A1B, I know you're all blossoming with young love and all, but please keep it down. I can't sleep. I can't even nap during the day sometimes. Most of it comes from the 6th and 4th floors. Thank you 
 After spending 2 years at NYUAD, I thought I'd share this with y'all: 1. Don't get involved in relationships that undermine rather than support you in your search for goals. Don't let someone else's lack of vision restrict your growth. 2. These energy-draining people can drive your blood pressure up. They are good for neither your health nor your disposition. There is no reason to linger around anyone who brings out the worst in you. Flee from them. Cast them out. Don't try to change them; change yourself, change friends. 3. In order to move toward greatness, you must consciously endeavor to expand and free yourself from your own limitations -- from your past, from your fears and the from the crippling opinions of others. 4. Live in the moment; enjoy every bit of your life. If not now, when will you begin living your life? xoxoxo 
 Every single global leader on campus 
 Shoutout to my university Mom. What would I do without your hugs, cookies, tea and encouraging words 
 How do I tell my suitemate I can hear everything when her boyfriend gets ~physical~ with her. Even with my room's door closed. 
 My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues 
 following the recent sexual harassment posts both here and on confessions (confessions filters stuff, I won't even take the effort of posting this there), I just want to say that we need to be aware of the other side: harassment cases EXIST. false accusations EXIST. bad people EXIST. good people EXIST. people who do both good and bad also, more commonly, EXIST. I have girl-friends which have been harassed; I have guy friends who have been falsely accused. this is POSSIBLE. you should be able to say that. it seems as if the phrase 
 Juan Diego, Thank you for always putting a smile on my face, you bring optimism and joy everywhere you go ... btw, looking so damn good in NYC, your hair is the most attractive chaos I've ever seen 
 My professors be like 
 I’m a male Taylor Swift fan looking for a girl who’s also a fan so we can write our Love Story. 
 I'm frankly incredibly disappointed in my fellow freshmen for even asking for easy class/fyws reccomendations. I perfectly understand wanting to ask about life-changing courses or highly recommended ones, but refusing to take a compulsory - and frankly extremely useful course in the case of the fyws - just because it might be challenging or just because you feel like you might not be able to make time for it is utterly and totally unreasonable. The point of higher education institutes is to enable students to challenge themselves, discover their weaknesses, and ultimately emerge having learnt something or developed some useful skills. To the people who have made posts asking about the aforementioned types of courses, I have nothing against you at all, in fact I'm sure you're great people, I only wish you would change your attitude. 
 Hello everyone, there is a European senior male on this campus who some of us believe has been serially sexually harassing/assaulting girls on campus. So far there are three girls who have claimed having been assaulted by this person, but there is still a lack of sufficient evidence for us to get this person face consequences according to our community standards. There is going to be a case filed within the university. If you were assaulted by someone who matches this profile and feel comfortable coming forward to share your experience, please reach out via the email share.here.please@gmail.com or one of the university’s many resources. Sexual assault and harassment should never be taken lightly, please help us keep this out of our community. 
 Captain Zain is truly amazing 
 Overheard at NYUAD 
 Reality: unemployed 
 To the drummer from 1AM, you have my heart. 
 NYUAD birds are real for sure but did they come on their own or did the school buy them from other countries and left them to roam around campus? 
 To all the Emiratis on campus, I’m so sorry for all the hate y’all receive at this school and it really sucks to be a targeted racial group in your own country. Sending love and strength. 
 As a person who has received education in language other than English most of my life, sometimes stress and sense of incompetence blind me to recognize how much of an accomplish it is to even be here, doing 100 pages of readings every night in a second language. Shoutout to all the ESL people!! 10 years ago, you probably barely knew how to spell your name in English, but look at you writing that 10 page paper in one night for a core!! You rock!!!! 
 Should you still try and be with someone if s/he is much smarter (academically) than you and may pursue a completely different path in the future (as in academia vs. industry)? Heart react if Yes -- why not try; Like if No -- there's no future together; Comment if you have more thoughts :) 
 Why NYUAD students go to events? 
 Temperature in the library Love reax for too cold Like for too warm Wow reax if you think it's perfect (which would be weird) 
 Praggya- you are an amazing human being and I am grateful for your existence <3 You deserve all the amazing things I'm the world and I hope you don't settle for anything less. 
 To the Unix Lab guys: I love you, I want to be you, you make me want to drop everything and major in CS, you are the kindest and thank you for all your help 
 How Civil Engineering capstones look like 
 Does Gugo keep a private hairdresser/stylist? How can one look this good every fuckin day 
 Story of my life 
 Overheard at NYUAD: 
 Nothing sums up my college experience more than the fact that I came here with three condoms and now I have four 
 Me before NYC Study away semester: 
 Your major: Engineering Your desired career: Investment Banking Analyst 
 NYUAD and everyone in it: I miss you. Study abroad is fun but it's made me realize how special you all are. You are all such different and amazing people, but I feel at home when I'm with you. Sincerely, Proud to be NYUAD 
 I am worried about the future of the world if my classmates are tomorrow's global leaders 
 Quim Paredes is so nice and sweet all the time <3 ty for being such a cool friend 
 Super grateful to the arts center for piping upbeat classical music into the bathrooms, that was the most dramatic shit I've ever taken. 
 To all the staff of NYUAD who work tirelessly to make our lives so much easier, Thank you. 
 The sad reality after finishing my stipend; all my friends are traveling :( 
 Me: ah I’ll bet this question won't come up on the exam Day of the exam: 
 Hey there, I thought for a moment that you had no effect on me anymore, But after seeing you yesterday, it’s as if I went back to square one I really don’t know what exactly it is about you that gets to me Do we really make eye contact or is it just my own thoughts playing tricks on me? I know that I messed up the chance of being friends the first time But even before the text I was still awkward around you I guess I just felt as though my feelings for you were obvious But maybe they were not, I will never know Most times I feel as though there is chemistry between us, the small instances we share But then I have to remind myself that it could just be how I see it Seeing you makes me so happy, it lights me up Other times it does the complete opposite, Whenever you are close to me, my heart races, especially when I bump into you unexpectedly, I don’t want to be awkward around you, I really don’t know what gets over me whenever I am around you This never happens to me, I am the least shy person I know around friends I would love to be friends, to get to talk for hours and get to know you But I am afraid that my emotions for you get in the way of this There is also the looming awkwardness that comes with what I told you Maybe I need time for the strong emotions to go away, but what if I also lose the desire to be friends? I kinda don’t want to forget you or let the memories of you go But I am also not going to chase you, if I mattered to you I think I would have known by now I want to just live life and go by my day normally, whether I see you or not Time is the healer of all wounds and maybe with time all these thoughts and memories will just be a blur A part of me strongly believes that you felt something towards me too, But you are so hard to read which makes me doubt this at times At times you are really nice to me, other times it’s the opposite I will be going soon, maybe the distance will make all these memories and feelings a blur I appreciate you for giving me the thrill and excitement of having a crush I am inspired by your family story, your love for your family is heartwarming You have a heart that is as big as the ocean and I am glad I got to meet you Maybe we are just not ready for each other, maybe you need to figure things out too Maybe there is nothing that was to come out of this, Maybe you are not meant to be a part of my life, you are just a passerby meant to teach me something I guess I can’t tell anything now, time will tell. I guess I have to embrace both the good and the bad moments that come with this crush I will never understand what exactly about you made me really like you, it was probably a combination of things, and there is beauty in the mystery. 
 Thank you so much for being a great FYD facilitator Alexandra Markova!!! Group 30 was super fun and you really helped our transition to uni :) 
 I didn't speak up much during FYD, but I confidently assume my group was single handedly the best among the 40 groups out there, even though we placed 39th in the scavenger hunt hahah so Anushka, thank you, thank you, thank you. <3 
 Junior (the sophomore), You are a ray of sunshine in this campus. I love how you are always spreading positivity with that beautiful smile of yours. Also, I lowkey think you are super guapo. 
 Calc. when you're hungry. 
 NYUAD networking game 
 To the RAs that put together chatroom roulette, I had a great time just being silent. There need to be more events where you can just sit down and shut up and still connect! 
 Let's see NYUAD students' favorite fast food. Heart = KFC Like = McDonalds/Burger King 
 To the engineering student in my friend group whom we never see due to FoS - we still love you 
 Armaghan Khan, your smile makes this place brighter. 
 ad to take a moment to appreciate the awesome NYUAD artists that keep my Instagram feed exciting: Shenuka Corea (@baka.moona), Lauren You (@laurenyou_art), Hatim Benhsain (@hatimb00), Mateo Juvera Molina (@mjm_artcode), Grace Huang (@thatgracehuang), Harshini Karunaratne (@harshinijk_25), Yusuf Derya (@yusuf.a.derya), Lateefa Stingray (@lateefacactus) love all your work!!! 
 
 I have a tiny crush on a local girl (plot twist, I am a local girl too) 
 When you skimmed the text and commented something general for the participation points but the professor asks you to elaborate 
 (A love letter to everyone at NYUAD) I've only been at NYUAD for about a month, but I am so amazed by NYUAD students. Your drive for learning gives me hope for the future, but even more important is your compassion. I am so impressed by your dedication and hard work-- and in the middle of all that, your willingness to stop and help each other. When five of you spend a precious hour giving me guidance and helping me figure out my life goals, or one randomly offers to explain the topics I don't understand, I hope you realize how much it means to me. In a lot of other places, people are so caught up in their own worlds that no one else even matters. But not here. I have never seen so much love and kindness and compassion in one place. Of course, there are mistakes sometimes, but overall, you are just so unfathomably kind. You really inspire me, and I am so thankful for every one of you. I can't express it enough how much you warm my heart just by your tiny (or huge) acts of kindness. You really are incredible. Thank you for everything! 
 The increase in the number of posts about people feeling lonely or under-appreciated in this community is quite saddening. No one deserves to feel like they are uncared for; the truth is that you are still a valued individual even if it may not necessarily feel that way all the time. I know that loneliness can definitely get to you and put you in tough situations. However, please don't ever feel like you're loved any less than you deserve to be. I know something similar has been done before, but can we all drop a supportive comment if it's okay for someone to reach out to you? We all need some love and support sometimes <3 
 Cece Kim is so kind and caring I truly wish her the best in life 
 Tryna decide a study-abroad site. Help me out, please. Heart = New York Like = Shanghai 
 Shivani and Vamika, sometimes I see the two of you walking around campus and I feel like two badass brown girls just walked out of a Vogue India cover shoot. What a hot combo!
 Alyssa Yu is soooo classy/hot. oh the things I would do to you 
 One thing NYUAD did not prepare me for in the real world is that people aren't going to be as nice as they were within the Saadiyat Bubble. We are really blessed at NYUAD to have such great, and more importantly, friendly and helpful professors and instructors who are truly a part of the community and want to create solid relationships with students outside of the context of the classroom. 
 Theros, you work so hard to serve the senior class and I am astonished by your dedication and hard work. Thanks <3 
 Humanities majors after interning at Goldman Sachs 
 Maitha (the badass archer Maitha) - I love you with all of my heart and you are such a little ray of sunshine. 
 When you’re smart but also just as lazy 
 Araz are you from Armenia? Because we Armen't to be <3 
 To the freshman girl in the gym doing crazy sets of pull ups: my boyfriend fears you, my guy friends worship you, you are my hero. 
 Rida and Mani - you two are some of the most wonderful people this campus and probably, the whole wide world has to offer. thank you for being you. 
 I’m genuinely confused by the confession page. An arguably inappropriate comment about sexual consent zone training passed its censorship, while tons of harmless confessions are filtered out. Why? 
 I just watched a girl in class look confused during the lecture then literally open up her laptop, go on Albert, withdrew from the class, and changed her major 
 Dear Aaron, I admire your musical talent and your breath taking voice. Your songs make me feel alive again. Thank you for being here! For those who don't know, Aaron has two amazing albums and you can listen to his music here: https://aquamarineband.bandcamp.com 
 Trying to land that job like 
 PLEASE TEXT YOUR MOTHER. SHE MISSES YOU. 
 Tintie Kone - You are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are grey. Jokes aside (let me tell you something, your smile drives me crazy) Comment your number, just in case ;) 
 Find yourself someone who loves you like Niccolò loves true, original Italian pasta. <3 
 you know why people post things here even when they are not crushes or compliments?? bc f NYUAD Confessions Page doesn't FILTERS THEM and doesnt post them. their argument is always “oh we filter the bad and offensive writing”. BS. I've sent them numerous things and they don't get posted. I swear to god they were neither offensive or derogatory in any manner. Idk if the person in charge thinks they are editor-in-chief of NYT, but all you are is someone who is failing to do their job right. continue this and someone might as well start a new confessions page. 
 Can we all just appreciate Toby Le for a second? You are an actual ray of sunshine wherever you goes and it's so obvious you genuinely have so much care for this community. You are the definition of a team-player and I have so much respect for you. Keep being you Toby, you are so appreciated <3 
 I cannot thank enough the Marhaba committee and FYD team for their efforts and how awesome Marhaba was this year. Gabi, you managed to choreograph 40+ students, most of which may not have experience in dance, to create a flash mob that is unforgettable. Freshmen have come up to me and wouldn't believe it was something done with only approximately 4 days of practice. Thank you. Tina, your leadership and patience with the team was amazing, and you made Marhaba happen. Thank you. To the whole Marhaba committee, thank you. Firas, Zain, Teodora, you lightened up the room and were willing to work through any problems that came up, and you were pure awesomeness (and cinnamon rolls of goodness). 
 Today I got my first compliment in years from the harshest critic I'd ever known: myself. After the longest time, I can look myself in the mirror, compliment myself and actually believe it. It's a feeling so good, so serene, and so intensely unfamiliar, it makes me want to cry. Is this what loving yourself feels like? Is this what it means to be comfortable? I genuinely never thought I'd get here, and though I've got a ways to go, this milestone means so much to me after twenty-one years telling myself that it was my fault the grass wasn't greener on my side. I've still got problems, hell, I've got a literal list full of them, but now I love me. So I'll work through them. Things might just be okay in the end, and that makes me feel so good that I wanted to tell the whole world. :) 
 Caroline Sullivan , is so kind! Her smile lights up a room 
 Tami Gjorgjieva - thank you for being there ! You are amazing, talented, funny and super supportive. You remind me of rainbows <3 
 Zoe Jane Patterson <3 If you continue writing like this, I am going to fall in love with you. Esther is the next Matilda and you are the next Roald Dahl! Never had a chance to speak to you but hoping it will eventually happen. Aah what a read; it made my day. Thank You! 
 Tiril Høye, you are an amazing human being <3 I am super grateful for your support during a very bad time I had. I just want you to know that you are so valuable to so many of us on campus ! 
 Let's see NYUAD students' favorite dinning hall meal. Heart = breakfast Like = Lunch/dinner 
 I'm interested in the CDC and Resed events :P 
 Tami Gjorgjieva, you are the best role model someone could ever ask for. Please continue inspiring others to work as hard as you always do. Best of luck in this final year! 
 Nadine Endija Lāže Lola Fernandez Esmie Papadimitriou & Miren Aguirre Salazar I admire everything about you. I’m so grateful for you. Thanks for always being sister figure to me. Keep smiling more and laughing often; NYUAD needs your vibe <3 
 Shoutout to rising seniors Tami Gjorgjieva, Chris Wheelereler, Warda Malik, Liz Mao, Diego Sandoval, Sasha Rovinska and Rashtra Raj Bhandaridari. Haven’t talked to all of you but you make me want to DO THINGS 
 The funny reality 
 When you get a random text and you’re not Lakquan but you wish you were because he actually gets calls from companies that actually want him 
 I just want everyone to know how incredibly awesome Ensu Choi is, how amazing of a best friend she is, and how nice and honest and warm of a person she is. When I think of you, I can honestly think of anything but bad things. You’re the sweetest person ever and you make me feel better without even being there, just the thought of you and our memories together make me smile on a dark day. I love you Eunsu <3 never stop being who you are 
 It is incredible how much better NYU Shanghai is at addressing the newest sexual assault allegations towards a previous faculty member than NYU Abu Dhabi. Yu Lizhong, Jeffrey S. Lehman and Joanna Waley-Cohen (chancellor and vise chancellor) sent out a well drafter e-mail addressing the concerns in high detail to the whole students body, linking to all useful links and has already set up a meeting with Mary on campus in September. And that only a week after the case spread. Big shoutout to NYUSH and responsible leadership! 
 Can I be married to the dark chocolate DIGESTIVE cookies in the convenience store? Unlike my boyfriend, they make me breakfast, bring sweetness to life, cheer me up during down times, and are just simply always there for me. Damn digestives are good. I love digestives. 
 Me trying to find a way to go on a vacation over the summer with no stipend. 
 Incoming freshman year; who is Mahmoud Salah ? Any information would help 
 I just hope to god that the ambulance record doesn't get broken this year and we can partake in peace. 
 Let's see NYUAD students' relationship with animals. Heart = dogs Like = cats 
 I think I speak for all incoming first-years in saying how grateful we are to to the Marhaba Committee and First Year Peer Facilitators at the hardwork you're putting in for our welcome. Our experience of getting some backlash from a few upperclassmen in no way takes away from the fact that you all are tirelessly working towards making sure that our transition is smooth and ALL are questions are answered again and again. Thank you so much for everything you are doing for us. There is no doubt in our minds that the orientation will be amazing. We love you all! 
 What I've picked up being an incoming freshman in this group: 1; Hard to find love on campus 2; Depression 3; 9 am courses are not good 4; Depression 5; Studying instead of partying 6; STEM is hard 7; Depression 8; NYUAD Confession is dead 
 Can someone tell me how to deal with curly hair in the UAE? I don't want to come off as vain, but I am terrified about this humidity. 
 To #2615 and all the other posts targeting freshies; Are we taking shifts with these posts or..? Seriously I wanted to phrase this VERY differently but I'll be as polite as I can and say it this way; this isn't middle school so stop with the constant teasing/bullying/criticising of the freshies. You people out here complaining about why freshmen got into ROR while the actual discussion we should be having is why tf you got into this uni...Transitioning into uni is already hard enough, don't make it even harder for them. 
 Roses are red, violets are blue, @Amr El-Ashmouny, let me see those abs on you 
 Dear “current” global leaders. As an NYUAD incoming freshman I would like to express my humble and sincere gratitude for all your help and support. It didn’t take me a heartbeat to realize that the NYUAD campus is a safe and secure place with people always willing to help and comfort you. It’s a marvel that you are so nice and welcoming; that you realize that most of us are nervous and worried as in 3 weeks we are going to be locked in an exotic place with complete strangers without any real knowledge whatsoever. Thank you for your understanding. *I have made a bet with a friend of mine. I surely believe that your IQ is high enough to get this sarcasm, she thinks it’s not. 
 Moves for senior year 
 NYUAD boys be like ... 
 When an NYUAD engineering graduate makes literally *any* mistake at all around a family member or they didn't learn at all #FakeitButDidntMakeIt 
 Not looking forward to such friends. I hope they do their homework this semester 
 Katarina — is like the most exciting person. So happy and filled with energy, talking to her makes you happy. I don't have a crush or anything but keep it going that way :D . I think I owe you an elevation burger though. 
 Shoutout to all single girls that complain about being single but never go out. Just waiting on Mr. Right to break in to your house 
 “Isn’t this the page where Bob should declare his secret crush to Susan? Or the place where rumors about people seeing each other should come up. Nooo, because Bob, Susan, Marry and Paul are too busy discussing what they actually meant by NYU India and how offended the people got and all of that. Where is the love, guys? No one crushing on Bob anymore? (All names are random)”
 I can’t wait to go back to Abu Dhabi and see Bogi and Anna’s beautiful faces. Honestly they make the semester bearable 
 I hate being 
 Regardless of our ethnicity, I think we can all agree on one thing: NYUAD Confessions Page is dead. Sad reaccs only 
 This diversity bullcrap is the stupidest thing i have seen and perfectly shows what is wrong with the approach to diversity. People at the uni are there because they deserve to be there, most of the time. This forced diversity or quota reaching of ratios is only hindering us. Stop being mad that these people studied hard and the uni probably had a shit ton of great prospective students to choose from. other places students might be applying to different unis because they have good ones close to home or other valid reasons so the representatives of the countries elite are going other places. I don't think I'm hot shit for getting in. And i really hope I didn't get picked because they wanted someone from another country and i got in with sub-par grades. where someone is from shouldn't fucking matter. what gender they are shouldn't fucking matter. what colour their skin is shouldn't fucking matter (a throwback to a gazelle article complaining about being the first African American at nyuad #1 its a new school #2 THE COLOUR OF YOUR SKIN SHOULDNT. FUCKING. MATTER) I don't want forced diversity, I didn't sign up so i could look at people like a zoo. people are not percentages or stuff like that. I hope everyone, wherever they are from, knows they are here because they deserve to be here. I hope admissions is accepting people because they think those people are great, not because of their profiles. This libtard bullshit has created a whole new game of segregation and profiling in the name of social justice. You should be ashamed of yourselves. 
 1) Good job NYUAD Crushes and Compliments for not filtering things, reflecting true opinions on campus (good or bad), and attempting to start a discussion. Different from Confessions - which is supposed to do this - but posts random BS and filters everything that's not about mediocre and hypersensitive- proof. If there is a Journalism Award at NYUAD, I would give it to you. 2) All I want to say is that if we don't learn how to have a discussion, we will create a toxic environment where people will get only more and more polarized. Referring to people who: - extend the definition of racism to everything and anything. - use double standards 
 Am I the only one who keeps same tabs open 9 days straight because they contain information relevant to tasks you are too lazy to complete? 
 According to this box of mac and cheese, I am a family of four 
 It almost seems that on this campus one is unable to express his/her observation without thinking twice about the backlash they might receive from the “politically correct” police and the “racist screamer”. Not to forget the “assumption maker” that literally turns your observation into a racially charged statement. It is a fact that a huge percentage of our student body is south Asian. It is a fact that these talented individuals are here because of their merits. It is a fact that they have nuances in language, culture, celebration, food, and of course INDIVIDUALLY bring something unique to the table. It is a fact that we see more south Asian initiatives than any other region on campus. It is a fact that a good portion of TEDx speakers and the cast of RealAD are South Asians. It is a fact that the Wok, which apparently caters to the Asian continent, serves mostly south Asian dishes. It is a fact that many people see this (unless we are all blind and mute all of a sudden). My ability to observe and make the statement, “there is a huge number of south Asians at NYUAD” merely shows that I am capable of seeing and counting. The answer to my question is definitely a lot more than “You’re a f*** white racist so stop being charged by my tuluk tuluk songs and go back to America and your white privilege.” Or “learn to understand the difference between Urdu and Hindi and stop saying you aren’t receiving global education because YOU ARE!” These are both statements that carry their own points in their own way, but I do not believe this is a question that can be answered through hate speech. “Just set up your own SIG to promote your region’s culture” doesn’t work because my issue doesn’t lie with the lack of exposure my culture has. It lies with my belief that the university should put more effort in expanding their reach so that more students from more sub-regions may read their studies here at NYUAD. We are a beautiful campus with plenty of resources, and it is an extreme waste if the university does not expand and capture the world’s brightest talent but rather settle on geographical proximity to achieve similar merits. I am not against south Asians on campus, I am for MORE diversity. I am for an NYUAD that truly represents the global demographic. 
 I love NYU India because Indian food in D2 is amazing. 
 After seeing all those discussions and accusations of racism towards #2589, I feel like there are some thoughts about this from another prospective. Myself was pretty bothered by the 
 Dear #2589 and 2592, you seem to be implying that southern Asians have a disproportionate INFLUENCE on the campus. I just hope you could realise three things. One, this campus is built upon a very American and western set of ideals, values and practices, why is that not a problem for you? Well, because southern Asian things are different from yours and therefore must keep to a bare minimum in your life. If that’s your conception of what NYUAD is supposed to be, maybe you should think it over. And two, do love southern Asians for their loud voices, their ebullience, their solidarity, and their unapolgeric pride of their culture and history. As an outsider, I find their ability to hold on to their distinctness absolutely fascinating. Lastly, if you feel that your voice is overwhelmed, do start your own SIG and relentlessly promote your culture. People won’t shut up just for your sake - you need to make your own voice heard. Don’t complain about others’ effort just because you won’t try hard enough. 
 I dunno about ya'll, but my South Asian friends are the best thing that's happened to me on this campus. Much love. Please tag those amazing and beautiful folks 
 Look guys, I get it. I understand that its not about being racist towards south asians. But at the same time, do you not think to be truly inclusive to all cultures, effort is needed? For example, let's go to the post about the food at the dining hall: why is it south Asian centric? There are plenty of african and Filipino staff working there. Why not have their cuisines on the menu just as frequently as butter chicken and dhal? Why is it only the south Asian chefs that are given the opportunity to cook and serve? 
 Leslie, turn my lights on, be the center of my arts, the Saad to my Iyaat, I wanna be all up in your Gray zone. Stop trying to block this goal, just let me score. Take me to your black box and strobe me. Hammer me at Blacksmith. Let’s turn Studio X into Studio XXX. But seriously you’re the coolest and the cutest. 
 I appreciate the comments and I thank those who are capable of understanding the question for what it is. To others who might have misunderstood, I believe it is only right to elaborate further on what I meant by “I signed up for NYU Abu Dhabi, not NYU India” so that you may provide further backing to your purported claims on my apparent racism (or hopefully accept what is a genuine question of curiosity). When I signed up for NYUAD, I agreed to a global education. An institution that wishes to break the vicious cycle of how higher education is perceived (as mostly white dominated and west oriented). It’s a big task to complete, and as such, I expected there to be a slight imbalance in student demographic because of this. Unaware of the Middle East prior to coming, my preconception of the UAE is that it’s a rich gulf country filled with immigrants, utilizing its resources and wealth to attract labor (both skilled and unskilled) to help tap their economic potential. I was open to meeting people from around the world, but as days became months and months became years, I began noticing a recurring trend in the university. There is a huge number of South Asians compared to other sub-regions despite the university claiming to be truly global. Ranging from school-funded events (Mock Weddings, South Asian New Year etc.) to RealAD (where apparently the current cast constitutes more than 50% of South Asians), I think it’s only reasonable to be racially aware of the influence south Asian culture is having on the university. Am I complaining? No. It is merely an observation. To those who liken my comparison to how skewed western universities are with their demographic, that is a completely different question to deal with. NYUAD wishes to pioneer a new model of education, so to justify why there are so many people from a similar region because other unis are doing the same too is just ironic. I do however agree that the problem could lie in the geography of AD and its proximity to South Asia, and I guess there is only so much the uni can do to disperse the numbers around. Being racially aware is different from being a racist. I am merely saying that NYUAD has a high number of students coming in from South Asia, that a lot of major events seem to revolve around South Asia, and it almost “seems” like im in NYU India. I embrace the cultural nuances south Asians bring on campus. I’m just seeing an imbalance of student initiatives and events organized by students from other regions and I thought it was an observation worth bringing up. 
 There being more south asians in campus than other regions is a fact - the fact they all deserved their admissions is also a fact. i don't understand why people started screaming 
 def. of racism: 
 Some real folks out there 
 Next time my girlfriend and I are arguing, I’m going to do the crying and see how she likes it. 
 I miss making straight As in 5th grade 
 This fall I'll get a 4.0, flat stomach, clear skin, minimum of 10 hours of sleep per day, no drama, and more money in the bank account 
 A massive shout-out to everyone who is from a former French colony and was super happy that France won the World Cup. If you guys aren't suffering from a massive case of Stockholm Syndrome, then I don't know what is wrong with y'all <3 
 responding to myself lol. how’s the creative writing department (not creative dating
 Tag the most annoying person in the community 
 Looking for rich sugar daddies. Tag them please 
 Life's unfair :( 
 How do I become Croatian citizen? 
 Hi So I'm an incoming freshman and I see all my future classmates have already found their nyuad bffs/groups. ??? Am I going to end up being alone? 
 Me and my roomie everyday 
 Miren, campus misses you a little too much; a little too often and a little more each day 
 My crush on my mind vs reality 
 Araz, I hope you find my willingness to text first attractive. 
 Hello, Am William Wambugu from Kenya, am applying to NYUAD ED 1 (Fall 2019), NYUAD is my dream school, I was wondering of I can get a mentor who can really help me on how to write this WHY NYU essay? I will highly appreciate. the NYU supplementary essay* 
 Anyone still go back to laugh at Tiril's comment? 
 Have you ever met someone so hot you just wanna congratulate them. Tag them 
 That moment when you think she said yes but .... 
 My roommate all day everyday 
 Mega shoutouts to such ladies 
 Is friendship - on this campus - even possible after someone breaks your heart? How? 
 I just got to work and realized I never poured the coffee in my cup. And I've been carrying the cup around :( I'm definitely not getting hired at the end of my internship 
 Dining hall staff should live forever 
 STOP GHOSTING PEOPLE. Instead of ignoring your feelings face them by talking to whoever you’ve got issues with. 
 I just have to say this: Nour is the most sensible person I’ve come across 
 I'm really thankful for admission into nyuad and it's scholarship and all but my friends always make fun of how I'm never gonna get laid here . Is that true? And how frequently do people hook up here if they aren't in a relationship?? 
 To my ex: Bitch I'm gay and ur new b is as well. Check Grindr and find us both. Bye 
 As someone who at one point had a similar attitude, I think a lot of the people complaining about the CDC not being helpful or giving them connections need a bit of a gentle wake-up call. As an alum I have personally offered to help a number of these people who claim they want to pursue a similar path, and most interactions have ended when repeated tone-deafness made it clear they expected me to hand over a pile of contacts and interviews with little to no work or advance time investment on their end. I have a very limited number of useful connections and I've only referred the (very few) people with attitudes and preparation that will reflect well on me, reflect well on NYUAD, and give them a genuine shot at converting to an interview or other opportunity. I get that this stuff is hard, and it's intimidating, and you should draw on whoever you can for the personal motivation to overcome that, but for professional help whether you're leaning on a fellow student, an alum, or the CDC, their function is to help you strategize in looking for opportunities and then help you prepare for opportunities once you've found them - it's not to lob opportunities at you until you pick one you like. Yes, there are a handful of extremely famous schools with huge legacy networks that make recruiting unusually easy, but they're the exception, not the rule. Obsessing about the 0.1% of college students that are in the Ivy League having a recruiting advantage over you is unproductive and makes you sound spoiled. That said, chins up, keep working hard, and ask everyone you see doing something you're interested in for advice! (Just a little more humbly, after doing your own research, and looking for tips to act upon, not gifts from the sky.) 
 Tell us something new, please!!! NYUAD Confessions Page 
 If I'd put 5 AED in an envelope for every time I went back to Tiril's comment today to have a laugh, I would at least afford a BicMac Menu. #gold #mvp 
 I don't care what anyone says Tiril is the real MVP 
 My girlfriend doesn't know this but I put 5 AED in an envelope every time we have sex. That's all I am spending on her this Eid. So far she's getting a McChicken 
 Who are the super hot Spanish guys in D2 with white polo shirts that have the Spanish flag and the UAE flag on them? They’re not students btw 
 Made a graph of my past relationships. I have an ex axis and a why axis 
 Girls is it me or there isn’t any hot guys in this university? 
 The cute Turkish girl at the Arts Center is pure sunshine! 
 I stumbled upon Giulia Turchetti on fb and she looks exactly like Christine Daaé in the Phantom of the Opera (Emmy Rossum), can she sing? 
 Why do I get judged when I wear elephant pants I got from Thailand 
 In light of confession #3100, I want to say thank you to all the people who share their mealswipes with hungry students! And sorry if we annoy you. Maybe I can make it up for you by taking you out for dinner when I can afford it. 
 So effin true 
 What in the patriarchy is happening here? Faxxx or Fiction doe? 
 Let's see how the intelligent NYUAD students make their cereal. Heart = cereal first Like = milk first 
 Any NYUAD hoeing 101 tips? 
 how do global leaders cope when your secret crush of three years tells you via text that he’s dating another girl and is very happy about it? 
 Thank you Isabella for introducing me to one of the most perfect, beautiful, and most relevant quotes I’ve ever read: ‘Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us' 
 Congrats Global Leaders! You managed to create a dumpster out of all the 2nd floor lounges! 
 Class of 2018 you'll be missed...especially you Cristian Munoz. Never got the chance to tell you how awesome you are so I hope you know that. 
 CLASS OF 2018 I'm so happy for everyone of you. 
 Class 2018!!! Congratulations on your graduation and best wishes for your next adventure! 
 My Ex Edition 
 To my ex: Please don't stalk me on social media anymore. I am fine, i know i loved you hard, and you feel guilty for hurting me. But believe me, you chose what was best for you. It's alright to be that much selfish. Your happiness is with her, so you can loosen your grip on me. I am done hating you. The time we spent made me stronger, wiser and love myself more. All this said, I still remember our no contact deal. So I don't want to befriend you, nothing. Yes you were the one who broke me the hardest, yes still I survived. After all what breaks you today, makes you stronger tomorrow. 
 To my ex: I’m sorry you thought the grass was greener on the other side...you cheated, we broke up, you lost me, I won myself back! The tears and sadness only made me stronger, thanks for that! Cheers! 
 To my ex: Starting dating him two days after you declared your love for me was not cool. The fact that I learned you had a bf from other people is even worse. Sorry for having sex with your best friend. 
 To my ex: I wish you existed tbh 
 To my ex: Lol jk astaghfirullah miss me w/ that haram stuff ey 
 To my ex: We didn’t stop sleeping together a month into the realationship because I stopped “loving you”. We stopped cause no matter how much I told myself that personality > attractiveness nothing could convince me to get in bed with you again. And then I figured out your personality was just as unattractive, and dumped you. Wins all around. 
 To my ex: We always knew it would end, yet we never ended things right. I hope you're doing well and I hope that you remember the good times when you think of us. 
 To my ex: we were in an unhealthy relationship without realizing it and it affected me in a lot of negative ways. But I hope you’re in a better place now and that you have found someone who is able to bring out the best in you. Cheers to finally being able to move on. 
 To my ex: I wish I had the courage to deal with the five-hour gap and 5000 km distance between us. I am so sorry. 
 To my ex: Your dick was small and weirdly bent to the left. You also look like the girl I dated over the summer. 
 To my ex: Congratulations on your new relationship! A shame you couldn’t tell me you had lost interest in me a year before you dumped me. A shame you started flirting with this new girl while emotionally abusing me. Shame shame shame. Enjoy your new girl. She is nothing compared to your old girl. But I hope she is everything you wanted. In fact, I hope she is just like you. Here’s what I hope you get: 1. Initially, she should be a sweetheart. Perfect wife and partner. I wish you wonderful days and nights. Enjoy it while it lasts. 2. The only place she takes you is for granted. I hope she is so busy with herself and her life and her happiness that you are merely an extra along for the ride. 3. She makes you doubt her affections for you. You never know if she cares because she neither shows nor says it out loud. But only to you. For everyone else, she’s just all over them. In fact you might even wonder if the two of you are even married. 4. When you have a bad day, week or month, she’s at her rightful place. Her desk at work. You can sit and suffer in silence, it’s not her problem because after all, career matters most. Although, when she is down , you are expected to wait on her hand and foot. 5. Sex! Lets not forget sex. The dirty deed. Well, you love her. And she loves her. Get the idea? What you like and want mean nothing to her. Plus, she should use sex to blackmail you. 6. Despite this, you still love her and want things to work out. So you put up and take it while dying inside. And heaven forbid you tell her this. You would be driven to tears by her accusations of your selfishness and harassment. 7. If she ever has a moment of kindness, you have to remember it. And forgive her insults and abuse. The converse is not valid of course. 8. Finally, she starts cheating on you while sucking away your life and money. And when she announces it, I hope you can’t get a divorce. So now you’re stuck with someone who doesn’t even respect you as a human. Till death do you part. 9. My favorite. No one believes you when you tell them about her cruel side. Instead, you are left out because she is smarter and funnier than you. 
 To my ex: Why are you pretending that you did not enjoy our time together? Yeah, it certainly is not the same now, but we loved it at the time... 
 To my ex: you’re the funniest, the most charismatic, honestly just a good person all around but the fact that you were unsure of all your feelings doesn’t forgive the way you dealt with mine, you hurt me over and over again but you didn’t consider how your actions made me feel- or you just didn’t care. And yes- I’m an idiot for going back to you over and over again but there’s something about the way you care for a person that can’t explain the things you’ll forgive them for. Please stop messing with my feelings just because you don’t know what you want from me. 
Edition: What would you want to say to your ex? Share with us in the link below and we will post it anonymously 
 Commencement Pro Tip: With a closed gown, wear a collared shirt under your gown so that it doesn't look like you're wearing a bathrobe when you close the gown. If you don't have a collared shirt wear a neckband or stole/scarf. If you want to wear a nice dress that shows your legs and neck, leave your gown open. 
 I've toured NYUAD's campus around 5 times and asked to see the vis arts studios/department every single time, yet somehow an excuse always emerged (not having access, having access but not knowing where it is, not having enough time etc.) that prevented us from seeing it... I feel like it's the chamber of secrets right now.. I (and my parents tbh) are starting to doubt its existence... can anyone plz confirm it actually exists? Also, why all the secrecy? 
 Any advice for upcoming freshmen? Regarding picking classes, leaving home/home sickness, or anything really? Would appreciate it <3 
 Hey, I just wanted to give a huge compliment to the NYUAD Health Promotion Office, and in particular the sustainable menstruation + menstrual cup initiatives. I had been curious about alternative products before but was always a bit intimidated by the learning curve and didn't want to spend money on something that I wasn't sure about. But I went to the menstrual cup info session, got my questions answered, and got a free one to give a try. As a girl with a heavy flow, it has been a total game-changer for me. No more frequent visits to the bathroom during class or worrying about leaks/stains and whether I have enough pads/tampons in my bag at all times. I feel free! I'm so thankful that they started a dialogue that I wouldn't have had the courage to start, and that they educated me in such a compassionate way. 
 That awkward moment when you find your girlfriend on Tinder. 
 Attending Final exam is like attending the first class, so many new faces... 
 To the graduating class, congratulations! I thought I'd share this with y'all. 
 Just saw some chick almost fall down trying to take a selfie with her Starbucks. 
 The ping pong girl in Baraha 
 Kudos to the science department for getting rid of Tim Dore as the chemistry lecturer. The man was a legend; just to give you a synopsis of his teaching styles: 
 It irks me every time some non-Singaporeans tries to speak Singlish by ending their sentences with “lah”. It’s not right lah! 
 Kocevska Matea, sometimes the person you are looking for is standing right in front of you 
 I don't need a boyfriend, I have my grades. They go down on me all the time 
 Rend Beiruti, you're long gone but this place isn't the same without you. You were my favorite person to run into and I hope the world returns half the goodness you gave to me and so many others in this university. 
 Miren Aguirre , is actually the most gorgeous human being on this campus. You’re such a sweetheart and you go out of your way to be kind even to people you don’t know aka me!! Your faint smile to people you don’t even know makes their day 500 times better. I hope the universe is generous towards you, Miren. I wish you all the best in life. 
 
 Alright, I have to say this: Anna Hennig is crazy beautiful and she has gotta know that. Kick ass in the real world, girl! <3
 Madaline McCluskey, you are beautiful! I wish you could have been less focus in academics so we can chat more. 
 Isn’t Ivona just the cutest? Such a shame that I’ll be studying away next semester... 
 I got a huge crush on this guy (he’s currently a junior and im a freshman) and I am having a hard time approaching him. I really want to make a great first impression. Any tips on how to make the first move? 
 Touba, we miss you 
 Tag those Asians, Latinos, & Africans who have abs. 
 I HAVE A HUGE-ASS CRUSH ON MY ROOMMATE! 
 There is no 
 Yesterday I swallowed some food coloring. The doctor said I'll be okay, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside 
 Yusuf Fabureh, You're either gay or ignorant of my advances. I'm hoping it's the latter? 
 My friend: I just skipped class. What did I miss? Me: Your dignity! *I don't think we have talked much since then* 
 Daniel Chirita, you are so mysterious and sexy. 
 Tanya, aren’t you a delicious tart of joy I’d like to taste..
 Why do people get so upset if you don't reply to a text or a message right away? And yet they do the same thing to you. Where is the logic? 
 Shout out to Alyssa Yu's outfits 
 Miss y’all on Saadiyat. Even the randos. Love you guys. -Scout from Abroad 
 Question for @Abdullah, Thirangie, Harshini, Shenuka, and Ifadha: How are people from Sri Lanka so kind, intelligent, eloquent, talented, funny, cute, and motivated, all at the same time? Like every single one of you. I'm almost jealous :) 
I love you, Paschal. I think I am hotter than entrepreneurship. May you please stop ignoring me?
 Loving how the admin of this page low key took a break for one month 
 Achrakat El Fitory, did you steal all of Morocco's sunshine to bring it here? Explains why it's becoming so hot.. 
 Jessica Molina, genuinely one of the nicest people I've met this year <3 
 CAN YOU FUCKING NOT SPEAK/LAUGH LOUD AND STARE AT PEOPLE IN THE FUCKING LIBRARY. you ruin the slightest shred of motivation i have for studying for my final. 
 Stefano Herrera, your muscles bulge like a camel's hump, if only you were single and you could give me a.... bump ;) You are definitely in competition for second hottest Peruvian on campus :) 
 Margarita Bee: I would give a Margarita A+. damn girl you swanky 
 @Lateefa Stringray I'm the mozzarella stick your boyfriend never gave you 
 Jorge Guiracocha, I can't understate how much I enjoyed those five minutes with you... we really miss having you on campus! 
 Recent post also goes out to all the white European girls who are never 'crushed' on as much as others. I see you ladies!! 
 the turkish girl i met in front of the arts center, i think i fell for your accent 
 Juan Diego Serrano Ortega, your name is too long, but my love for you is even longer!! <3
 Zoha Alvi, it saddens me that I never got the courage to talk to you this whole year. Your fierce eyes always got to me in the dining hall and I just wish I had approached you earlier. It feels like it’s a little too late. 
 Keziah Johnson, I’m falling for you. Please notice me! <3
 I see you looking at me. I don't bite, come talk to me. I don't think we have much time. 
 How do I ask my friend to cuddle with me? Will it be ok? 
 how do i approach an emirati if i have feelings for them ? 
 I have this really huge crush on this person and I have this feeling that they're into someone else or that they know about my feelings. 
 Anna Balysheva, let's get lost in each other's eyes ;) 
 Will the Egyptians on this campus ever consider getting in a relationship? Amr El-Ashmouny??? Omar Kamal??? 
 Long distance sucks. I wish my boyfriend didnt live so far in the future 
 Life isn't a fairytale. if you lose a shoe in the middle of the night, you are drunk 
 More than a year later and you are still the person I wanna text every morning and kiss goodbye every night. I almost miss our fights and I definitely miss your smile. Reading the very little I haven't erased reminds me of you and all the ways I am in love with you and truly, that no matter what, and despite having to accept and move on (done in the surface), I think I only love you and will always only love you. 
 My friend and I were trying to figure out why we're single, like honestly she's so sweet and kind and smart and pretty and damn hot!!! She's either ignored by guys after a couple of dates or they turn out to be jerks. Meanwhile there are other girls who are so mean and disrespectful and ungrateful towards their boyfriends and they still come and stick around. Moral of the story (I'm gonna quote her on that): 
 Hello I am a student of the fume hood of Abu Dhabi and today there were students of NYUAD who sobt come to climb in note university and I noticed among these students a student who really and I would like you to post it on your site so that it can recognize and we can discuss. thank you in advance ... I am a student from Sobornne 
 Larayb, I think you are the cutest, most awesomest person ever. I love spending time with you and I hope you never change. You deserve all the best things in life. 
 Larayb, I think you are the cutest, most awesomest person ever. I love spending time with you and I hope you never change. You deserve all the best things in life. 
 Greetings fellow global leaders, I was wondering how many points your actual IB points can deviate from your predicted score, cause I've got a 45 and even if Jesus takes the wheel I'm hoping for a 34 at best. 
 How bad do I have to look not to have ever appeared here nor have ever been a crush for anyone on campus? I'm a straight white European male. I guess 
 StuGov Christine, you are a strong, powerful, tolerant, resilient, persistent, persevering, big-hearted, and big-bowled individual. Like Beyonce but beyond her. 
 I miss her. I didn’t miss her when we grew apart, but I miss her now. I miss her when I see her standing next to him. I guess I’m just a guy who wants what they can’t have anymore. 
 I don't know how to make her laugh. I know how to make her snark, how to make her smug, maybe even crack a smile, but not laugh. I've tried to be funny. I really have. It's been a week of us sitting together. We talk about our days and our work and our lives, and she laughs. But only when she tells me something about her life that's funny, only when it's something so great that she knows that I'm going to laugh too and she can't contain herself. But I don't know how to return the favor. Then he comes by sits down next to us, and all he can do is make her laugh. There's a magic there, the residue of stardust dyed into his lusciously styled hair. All I can do is watch, and laugh, sometimes because he's genuinely funny, but mostly because I'm covering up my endless stream of guilt. I can't forgive myself for caring more about how she feels about me that how she feels. Jealousy sucks. 
 These final weeks of school got me feeling just like Khalid's song title: Young, dumb and broke 
The only thing I am proud being a man is that I don't take a long time peeing
 I had no idea we were millionaires until I saw my roommate rip off 4 paper towels at once 
 Question from an incoming freshman: are there any ways to work on campus? Paid internships or the like? :) Since I'm supposed to 
 You knew my name and where I was from as soon as I walked in the door. We both got distracted and I left to grab a speaker. When I came back, the event was over. At the very least, I'd like to know your name before this semester is over. Message me, if this page is ever updated again. Hint: Watch out. 
 Who is the girl who occasionally wears the “Make America Great Again” hat? And where is she from? 
 Esmie Papadimitrou, if I could choose one person to turn around the Greek economy, it would be a humanoid mixture of your beautiful face and Nicolas Patas rock hard physique. #bringbacktarzan
 Why is this page more dead than my love life?? Why hasn't there been any crushes/compliments recently? Are ya'll dead of romance during finals week or what? I just wanna cheese on the people who are crushing anonymously with my partner by my side lol 
 My life is like Rihanna's song, just work work work and the rest of it I just can't really understand
 bitch stop eating my french fries 
 Ya jama3a don't be afraid to ask a hijabi girl out or talk to her. We don't bite. Most of the time. 
 Sorry I can't go out tonight I have an essay to write. Not that I'm going to write the essay tonight but I need to devote a certain amount of time to not doing an essay before I actually do it 
 Confession: I'm part of the incoming freshmen class and between NYUAD confessions, and feeling like we'll be judged by upperclassmen about how excited we are about this August, I'm actually getting nervous about what it'll actually be like... P.s I know freshmen might seem too perky but come on guys, high school has been hell for some of us and we're finally getting out! 
 In the UAE, can unmarried couples legally take a single bedroom for overnight in a hotel? If yes, does age matter? asking for a friend :) 
 Any tips to help incoming freshmen find love on campus lol? 
 Devaki & Hetvi - your dance moves and smiles are really really missed 
 Riva, you're a beautiful human. 
 Some best friends need to get together instead of pretending to be in love with other people. 
 I'd be super embarrassed if people if people saw my google history but only because its only words that I should really know how to spell by now 
 I hope everyone but 90% of the freshmen class has a good week ahead 
 If you've been in a fight with someone, be open to the idea of reconciliation. Turning your head the other way every time they pass you by is the most childish way of dealing with issues in life. Often times, you could be at fault for things as well while wholeheartedly blaming the other person for their supposed wrongs against you; keep an open mind, think with your heart and not your ego, and look to move on. Make peace and love. Just a little something to make our wonderful community even more wonderful x 
 Don't text him back right away. You don't want to seem desperate. Meet someone else. Get married. Keep him guessing 
 The only difference between NYUAD and high school is that the douchebags know vector calculus 
 About to graduate in a couple of months and at this point, all I can say is that I did it for the lulz 
 write down your favourite grab&go recipe 
 This is going to be a depressing, incoherent maybe, confession session .. Things suddenly started going south in my life, and when they did, all my friends turned their backs to me. They started ignoring my existence and avoiding any conversation with me. They made fun of me whether I was present or not and made sure to leave me out of everything they did. I tried reaching out to my close friend about what I was going through, and apparently, they are too busy to even respond and deal with me. I have honestly never felt so lonely and hated in my life up until now. It's so weird for me to feel this way because I am always surrounded by many of my 'friends' and considered myself a person with a fair amount of close people. I sometimes consider leaving uni completely because of the struggles I am currently going through, both mentally and physically, and the way people treat me as if I had some kind contagious disease. Other times I think maybe I just need to take a semester off, because I really cannot concentrate on anything like I used to or have any energy left in me to do my work. I dont no what to do anymore really and it's really affecting my health. I'm going to counseling, and it helps to an extent, but i still feel like there's a part of my life missing because I have no one at all who i can trust. I dont know what posting this confession here will do, but I guess I just wanted to indirectly say that when you notice a friend suddenly acting differently, go and talk to them. That way you will help them. But if you keep quiet and distance yourself from them, you are going to end up hurting them way more than you thought you would. Your actions have consequences, but so will avoiding to act all together. So many misunderstandings arise from these kinds of situations. Make sure you know the full story before doing anything. 
 The real MVP are those who the typed questions into Yahoo Answers 7 years ago 
 Question from a soon-to-be Freshman: how do parties happen in NYUAD? 
 People are so surprised when I tell them I have a 3.9 GPA with a job on campus. Anything is possible when you lie 
 Someone is catching my attention by not talking to me, now what? 
 I told a girl at D2 she's more attractive without glasses, she told me I'm more attractive when she isn't wearing them 
 Everything I like is either expensive, illegal or doesn't text back 
 I know people get annoyed when NYUAD crushes and compliments posts things that aren't either, but that's cause NYUAD confessions page doesn't post all submitted stuff 
 Is there really any need going to class second half of the semester? 
 My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues 
 Never stop inviting out a friend with social anxiety or depression - even if they don't come they still want to feel invited. You never know this might be the time they say yes 
 Febreezing my paper so the professor can't smell the bullshit 
 Gabrielle Elizabeth Branche, You change your hair everyday but my feelings for you remain the same. Your cute accent is music to my ears, and when you actually start to sing... Damn. You're so organized and efficient, please help me get my shit together 
 Interviewer: So why do you think you would be a good Math lecturer at NYUAD? Interviewee: Well I hardly speak English Interviewer: You're hired 
 This year's Halloween, if you want a sexy costume, be sure to dress up like your professor they never cover anything important 
 My goal originally was to make all A's this semester. Now I just want to pass and be done with it 
 If he left, so can the pain 
 why are Koreans so hot like seriously why why why 
 Haewon, won my heart. 
 Niccolo, you make my heart melt every time I see you. 
 This is my last resort, what is the name of the Indonesian freshman? She was so friendly when we talked, her smile made my day, I want to get to know her... 
 NYUAD problems- When a core class reveals a person to be your hot mind twin, but your countries are also at war dayum 
 OMG BUT CAN WE ALL AGREE THAT IRINA KILLED IT YESTERDAY???? GOD BLESS YOUR SOUL AND YOUR BEATS GIRL 
 Gu 
 Leyla, your smile and friendly wave makes me happy :) The days I come across you are my lucky days 
 Qutaiba, I’ve never seen anyone pull off a tux like you do. Killlling it 
 Do you keep your ex ? 
 Arantza, I fell in love with you after watching your football match. 
 Flavia, we never talked much but I miss you!
 Cutest couple on campus? Tag them and let them know! 
 Alexandra, out of all the strangers I meet on a daily basis, I’m glad you’re one of those strangers that became my friend 
 Kristina, you’re really smart, and I’m not just saying that because I want you in my study group 
 Shout out to Yasmin for being such an inspiration to me! Keep rocking the dance floor and the stage girl! 
 Filip Bendevski, seeing you lounging at the palm trees all morning makes me smile. You're like a happy fluffy dandelion that gives me hope for this world. 
 Single south asians on campus? Looking to spice up my spring break 
 Amr, I hate seeing you with that freshman girl. I really hope that you two are not dating. Please notice me!! 
 Upcoming class of 2022 gives so much hope for new relationships *_* 
 When a feminist SIG puts up posters around campus but a feminist Rambo takes them down lmao where’s the unity *laughing in patriarchy as I eat 
 Katie Sheng, seeing your smile has been the highlight of my university career. Although we don't talk, your presence has brightened so many of my days.Thank You 
 Hania Bar, My professor told me you are the perfect woman, so would you please marry me? We could have a traditional Catholic Polish wedding. 
 Global leader sex is like an NYUAD campus cat; grabby on the meats and frisky in the sheets 
 Matilda, One of the most beautiful people on this campus, both outside and inside <3 
 To the girl who gave me the dank helium fairy light balloon in A5C: THANK YOU SO MUCH, YOU MADE MY ENTIRE NIGHT *_* 
 KFC (My one true love), Your chicken crises is driving me crazy. It's not even funny anymore 
 Really wanna talk to this person but also really dunno if theyre single or in a relationship. Plz tag your friends in relationships so I can eliminate 
 Niccolo ... I wanna Mascarpone all over your biscotti xx 
 Lujain, You can call me by your name... ;) 
 Esmie, You're better looking than Jared Leto. 10/10 snacc. 
 Leyla, you're such a snaccc. Please notice me 
 I'm a freshman in college so I carry a condom in my wallet. Not because I expect to use it, just to keep the hope alive 
 Christos, I would pay off the Greek debt for you 
 whoooops! The girl I met by the A5C elevator at 23:00 on the 27th, damnnn you shock my heart. don't know why? had never felt it before 
 
 Lujain, You can call me by your name... ;)
 Niccolo ...I wanna Mascarpone all over your biscotti xx 
 Leyla, I am obsessed with you. Give me a chance :'( 
 Esmie, You're better looking than Jared Leto. 10/10 snacc. 
 The guy who always wears a black headphone, you're fetching. 
 Motoi Oyane: hottest guy on the football team, hottest guy in Stugov, hottest guy on Saadiyat
 Zaaamn, dances at Africana Night?! STILL SHOOK. 
 Hassan Ahmed, is the perfect man. 
 Ekin, I miss seeing you around. 
 Sudarshan, you look very hot with your messy hair and beard. Don’t shave them. P.S I have a huge crush on you and I am waiting for the day you will notice me. 
 KFC (My one true love), Your chicken crises is driving me crazy. It's not even funny anymore 
Wallah Latifa, you're so cute. I appreciate your 1000 dirham abaya. Take it off
 I love Nisala so much!!! He's so kind hearted, super adorable, and a wonderful human <3 
 Tag that Teddy Bear ! 
 Raunak Shrestha, is single and ready to mingle. :) 
 Sudarshan, you look very hot with your messy hair and beard. Don’t shave them. P.S I have a huge crush on you and I am waiting for the day you will notice me. 
I am broke and all the gals I ask out on Tinder ask for money. Any tips?
 Adidas Stan Smiths, Classics or basic? 
 Imtiyaz! I feel so jealous seeing you with that girl all around NY! Please notice me too??? 
 William, You're so tall and handsome as hell... Your secret admirer 
 Aizaz, Why did you shave? You looked so hot with the beard <\3 
 Dina, I want you more than you want your capstone to be done. 
 Tag someone interested in a Pakistani man 
 Hype up female Emirati freshman too pls we need some love 
 Doovraha, is fantastic, thank you so much for making Holi such a success 
 Using a GIF describe your close friend 
 Tag hottest/cutest guys and girls from upcoming class of 2022 CWs 
 Wait but Gaby's glow-up though......unreal! 
 Besart, can i get some more of the wild weed-shirt-besart-from-yesterday in my life ***eggplant emoji*** 
 tag your non-Asian, single bois interested in Asian girls 
 To the kind person who folded my laundry in A2B, thank you so much! :) 
 Happy Lunar New Year, everyone! 
 Gaurav Jung Pande - I wasn't sure about you before but seeing you train on the football pitch and this new hair cut just makes you the kind of man I want in my life Wish you could be mine for Valentine's Your secret Admirer 
 Kaushal Prakash when I see you in D2 in your gym clothes my heart skips a beat.. so hot and you have such a cute laugh... Really want to get to know you better Your secret admirer 
 
 MMM...Marry Me 
 Are you the Room of Requirement, because you have everything I need 
 Aygul, my friend cannot stop talking about you and your beautiful hair 
 Every time I see a REACH member post anything I fall in love with them. Your existence is pure love. Happy Valentines day! I wish you get loved by many others on Valentines day the way you always show love to others (I know you will) 
 I know someone has a crush on me. Please don't. I'm not worthy of that. 
 What do you do when your crush is too kind and too nice and too cute and too close to your heart and just perfect in any sense of the word to be forgotten and at the same time too happy with someone else? How do you bury your feelings when his everyday presence makes your heart burn? Help. 
 The junior girls who came back are so hot 
 When your partner secretly tells you when you're cuddling in bed that no matter what happens you'll always be a global leader to me......... 
 Shoutout to all the thoughtful, caring and sweet guys/gals/non-binary pals who haven't gotten recognized on this page - you're lovely all the same 
 When Enes laughs, my heart grows tenfold. 
 Jerome White, running like a fucking Olympian out on the track has me seriously considering changing my major <3 
 I need someone to introduce me to Smaranda because at this point it’s getting too hard to look away when she passes by. 
 Stjepan Klinar, give it to me 
 Tom Klein, can buy me a salad and do indecent stuff to me in front of it any day. 
 Tag the campus dancing queens 
 Mashallah Sebastián, you brighten up my days 
 I want a strong feminist domme to tame the patriarchy in me. Please tag her and I'll directly message her. 
 Zoha, you remind me so much of Sofia Richie 
 Can ResEd organize blind dates for Valentine's Day? 
 Ridda, Your smile is beautiful 
 It is so heartbreaking to watch two people in love, part and never really speak again. (Saying hello when you are forced to run into each other does not count). Sometimes I wish some of y'all were SIMS characters so I could force you to talk again. GOD! 
 I just wanted to see cats on The Gazelle’s campus cats video but then I saw people talking, so naturally I was like “nah” 
 I love my friends 
 I met my ex through a social media platform. Our conversations were funny and intellectual. I really liked her for who she was or maybe what she portrays to be. After a few days, we started meeting for couple of coffee or maybe a brunch sometime. She showed her interest to be in a relationship and we started dating. It was the first week of us dating. But she didn’t seem happy, every time I was with her she kept texting someone. She had urgent calls at random times in the night when I was talking to her. I suspected her to be dating someone else as well. It was the third month of dating each other and we went out for a coffee. The conversation was going smooth and suddenly she started behaving weird, hiding under the table with an excuse of picking up something she dropped. Then hiding behind the menu etc. Out of the blue a random guy comes up to us and points at me and says “Who is he?!” in a very commanding voice. She was speechless trying to stay calm. I was sure that he’s her bf as she had told me that she’s the only kid in her family so it can’t be her brother. I stood up, put my hand on his shoulder and told him “Relax buddy, I’m her cousin. I just came to the city for a day and wanted to catch up with her.” his aggression vanished. “I’m sure she must have told you about me.” He nodded his head. I made him sit on my place and left the cafe wiping my tears. I didn’t see the point of fighting for her as well as telling the guy the truth and ruining their relationship. Instead, I did that to save my time and additional drama that came along with it. She tried calling me and texting me but I didn’t respond. I hope she’s doing well with whoever she is. 
 Tag those friends whose intentional jokes that sting you till this day! 
 Why Ukrainian girls are so beautiful? 
 I'm so gorgeous 
 Nathalie, You are definitely the hottest Slav on campus. The way you speak Ukrainian is so sexy. я закохана в тебе 
 campus cat, ur a thic thot 
 Normal people: made of cells, tissues, bones, etc Adrienne: made from aphrodite's nectar 
 Ghita Benhayoune, thank you for being so beautiful and full of sunshine!!! 
 Expose all those gals and guys who has never been mentioned on this page’s post before. 
 Samridha, Those Everest-like cheekbones cut right through my heart. Are you still single? 
 Any Asian dude with visible abs? 
 
 I wake up early just to watch Bryan Waterman working out 
 Jeremy Hsaio, I want you badly. I can't stop having fantasies about you. What kind of girls do you notice??? 
 seriously, can people tag some cute single guys on campus who don’t have weird issues? 
 Charles, Your jawline has sliced through my heart, take me already... 
 Rafay, it feels so good to see you back on campus again. Waiting for you to ask me out. Those dimples dont lie baby. 
 Tag a queen of getting hook ups 
 Who’s the hot Korean guy with the orange (brown?) hair?? 
 Simon, you are a gem 
 Cute single asian girls? 
 Anita Shishani, you're so pretty 
 Benjamin Roberts, I want your milky, creamy thighs wrapped around my face and to be slowly suffocated by your thick, juicy body. PS: love your haircut 
 Mohit Mandal, is the reason I hyperventilate every single time I pass by the ARC. 
 Damn boy. Are you leftover pizza because I was considering throwing you out but not that I'm drunk I kind of want you 
 Tag someone who is petrified of commitment 
 Ghita, I have a crush on you. 
 Nabeha, am I the only one who thinks you get prettier day by day? You are beautiful inside and outside. I should be honest with you, you make the class more bearing. I wish I was bold enough. You should be a portrait in a museum. P.S. keep the short hair, the style and smile more 
 The campus feels empty without Katie Sheng's beautiful everything. 
 cute single asian guys? 
 Himal damn you are so hot. 
 Seriously cute looking Asian girl with green shirt and a cute hair bun. Are you single and available?? 
 The only thing that will go down on me this weekend is the WiFi 
 Life lesson: as soon as you say 
 Its nice how high school prepares you for literally fucking nothing 
 How is it that some of y'all your bitmojis are prettier than you? 
 Karma, damn girl, you are so pretty 
 May Baho, so many dirty thoughts today…you inspired them all ;) 
 Who’s the Asian guy with the cute glasses? 
 Niccolò, You looked cuter in your messy hair. Please get it back :( 
Riva is so pretty
 Does anyone know who that hot blonde guy is who was working in the library on Jan 18th at 3:02 pm? 
 Hayden, Last night I had a dream that you were in my Data Structures class, and you were really really happy to see me. Like you legit wouldn't stop smiling, it was halfway creepy. Still makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside. PS you had Post Malone hair. 
 
 
 Flavia, I would be really okay with just sitting and watching Netflix with you. Nothing else, just that and it would still be really nice 
 Tag a great person to do a group project asking for future course work 
 Tony Blair is kinda hot, in an old guy way 
 To # 2163: Oral communication at its best 
Something I am most excited of coming back to Abu Dhabi after my Study Away semester--is the paid experiments in A6! That is the only part-time job I can do on campus.
 Communication is key in relationships. Like my grandma used to say: 
 Would you get into a relationship with yourself? Assuming that “other you” is a gender you are attracted to 
 People with grindr: how would you feel/react if somebody from campus texted you on grindr? 
 Boys who double text to keep the conversation going, you da real mvp 
 That weird feeling when your tinder matches are extra flirty and you get paranoid like, 
 Waseem, Your smile always brightens up my day. Keep being you. <3 
 I want to break up with my girlfriend when she is really annoying and depressed (which happens very often), but at the same time I don't want her to be even more depressed, so I always end up not breaking up with her. I'm so conflicted 
 Freshman who skates around campus and looks like Jamie Campbell Bower, who are you?? 
 Part of college application should be proving you know how to flush a toilet because honestly some of you would absolutely fail 
 So eyelashes are supposed to keep things from getting into your eyes. But whenever I have something in my eyes, it's almost always an eyelash. How eyeronic 
 2/3 through fall semester I got a crush on a friend. I tried to act normal around them, but they hijacked my thoughts and emotions in an unhealthy way. Over winter break I resolved to talk about how I felt with them come J-Term. This wasn't to ask them out or anything just to not feel like I was hiding something whenever we spoke. Now that we're back though, I don't feel the electricity of before, but I still can't stop thinking about them. I'm more in love with the idea of the person than with the person themselves. I don't think telling them about it now would be productive, but the only alternative I see is to avoid them until things 
 Tag a friend with a smile that could compete with AD's sunshine. 
 Who are the most sought after guys on campus? 
 So many of my friends are hooking up at the moment, or flirting with people. I’m trying my best to be happy for them and focus on my passions and goals. But it’s tough 
 Dear me, How beautiful am I! I'd rather date myself. 
 I just saw my narcissistic roommate in J term course writing a confession of how beautiful he was and he wanted to date himself.... I took a video of it 
 Damn, Shanghai is lit 
 Those NYUAD professors 
 I’m sure I’m not the only girl growing up whose mother told her that it’s just as easy to love a rich guy as it is to love a poor one 
 At what age do you think your friend started dating? 
 Arantza, you are so cute, it's distracting 
 I went home for winter break and fell in love. What do I do? 
 Sophomore is definitely the rarest species on campus during J-term. 
 Wishing everyone a happy, healthy, successful, and safe New Year, even the cheating boyfriend from post #2135 
 Tag someone who ethinically confuses tf out of you. 
 My boyfriend is a liar and a cheat. He has cheated on me from the beginning. When I confront him, he denies everything. What's worse is everyone knows he cheats on me. It is so humiliating. I'm glad and happy he was denied his study abroad. God Bless all the faithful people out there. And a Happy New Year to y'all except my cheating boyfriend 
 This isn't much of a crush or compliment but I just wanted to say, if there's something about someone that you don't like, or if someone did something that made you feel bad or not like them, go SPEAK with them. Most of the time it will be unintentional and they'll apologize to you. Don't turn a small conflict into something bigger than it needs to be. Don't avoid talking to someone for the rest of your 4 years here.v
 If only someone looked at me the way taxi drivers do when they drive past each other :( 
 I am 99.99% that I am straight, but checking out the Moldovan dudes’ shirtless photos is my little guilty pleasure. 
 Tag that one friend of whom you would love o tease, just to see their reactions! 
 It is kind of ironic how when I applied to NYUAD and got accepted, I felt like I was on top of the world. Now that I am an actual student here, I have never felt so intimidated and weak. I came here with the aim of putting my all in my studies, until I met this one person who has completely taken over my thoughts. I fell in love at the most inconvenient time, and the worst part of all this is, I know that there is no way at all I can tell them how I feel. I just have to live with it for four years and it drives me crazy everyday. 
 Appreciation for the Admin who keeps uploading our crushes, compliments, and sometimes irrelevant things. It's a weight lifted, so thank you. 
 The reason I push you away is not just because you almost failed the semester because of me, stopped hanging out with your friends, or even that I can never see you in breaks or the semester abroad you want to take. It's because I waste your time. I'm a toxic person and you'll be better off without me. I'm sorry I was so horrible, I had to make sure you'd never feel the same way again. You're a great person and I hope you find someone who brings out the best in you. 
 Sometimes, I will eat a snack while looking for a better snack to eat 
 The 
 Yohana, I think you're so cute and funny. I wish I could get to know you better, but I'm studying away and you're graduating. 
 Yasmin Almodhwahi: I want to name my comforter after you. You are warm and wise and oddly funny and a hug or even a few words from you on bleak and not so bleak days, feels like diving into a sea of blankets. 
 Every so often I see a photo on FB and I wonder why someone took a group photo of all the nicest people on campus. Then I realize it's a REACH group photo. Thank you everyone in REACH for collectively and individually making this campus brighter! 
 Anushka, show me some more thumkas ;) 
 NYUAD, a place where you can be friends with someone for weeks and literally not know their name 
 Shoutout to my flight ticket home for saving me from darker thoughts during finals week. 
 Major shoutouts to professors with no cumulative finals 
 Instead of studying 
 Rishav, you are such a cutie. 
Me: exams Inner me: exmas 
 Lucas Davidenko, more like DavidenHo <3 
 James Pearce, I'd shave your facial hair for you in a caring way 
 you don't just write here to compliment a crush of yours that doesn't even know if u exist or nah. i'm writing this to compliment our campus cats cuz they are part of our community and are all adorable. it's just so hard-breaking for me to see them FREEZING, HUNGRY, and not being taken care of. i wonder if they even have a proper place to sleep and keep themselves warm. this is plain irresponsibility of the people in charge. it breaks my heart to watch people just treat 'em like trash when they climb their table or intend to steal their food, like please lower your high standards and expectations as they are only animals. you can honestly do better. just be a little more gentle and don't hit them. since we're not allowed to feed them, can we just contribute some food to their little bowls (which are probably empty and i dunno where they are)? who do we contact? thanks and meow. 
 Accidentally sent my final essay to a 3D printer and it came out as a pile of shit 
 Girls wearin rings on their fingers and wonderin why guys dont talk to them. This aint HS. You might actually be married. 
 Compliment Waseem by one word 
 Anthony are you single? Are you pursing someone? 
 Seeing your smile everyday is a treat for the soul 
 
 To the Greek guy with the ponytail: You bring tears to my eyes. 
 People on this campus really love al ain water. It's sad that they don't carry their own reusable water bottles. Imagine the plastic waste annually. 
 Sometimes I wonder if I developed feelings for you because I need a distraction from work..... 
 Hugs are the best. Share the oxytocin with your friends today 
 Story of my life 
 My feelings for you have been the only things I've been able to figure out in math this year. 
 I wish some of these foreign teachers (maths especially) came with subtitles?
 I am a social vegan. I avoid meet 
 Cristian, I regret not texting when I first felt your interest, now whenever I spend a moment with you I see that I would love to have you. It is a shame that there is no such time left for anything here, but I deeply wish that our paths will cross again. 
 What if I told me friendS that I posted all of their compliment posts (and not their crushes)? 
 James Pearce, why didn't you take me to Hamburger with you 
